Handyman | Handyman Connection
800-88-HANDY (42639)
Aging in Place
Carpentry
Deck Services
Drywall
Electrical
Fences
Flooring
Maintenance
Painting
Plumbing
Remodeling
Storage
Why Choose Us
Find A Location
Start a Franchise
Articles
Become A Craftsman
Our craftspeople are here for you.
Make the most of your home now more than ever!
Find your Handyman Connection today
professional
reliable
At Handyman Connection, we're proud to work with skilled craftsmen from a wide range of fields to give you peace of mind when it comes to improving your home.
We take pride in our work
We Believe In
Service Craftsmanship Trust Community Home
Handyman Connection
Our values are rooted in a long-standing commitment to the people we serve, and they truly distinguish Handyman Connection as a home repair and improvement company.
Connection to Service
We have a service heart and a service soul
Connection to Craftsmanship
We believe in quality craftsmanship that exceeds your expectations
Connection to Trust
Trust is what makes our company thrive
Connection to Community
The community is the heart of our business and allows us to build and nurture our connections
Don’t just take our word for it
Our craftsmen are here for you.
Enter Zip Code
Submit
One Call. One Connection.®
Quick Links
What We Do
Our Guarantee
Follow Us
Address
Handyman Services | Handyman Connection
Our Services
With more than 60 locations across the United States and Canada, Handyman Connection is your link to the best local handyman services and master craftsmen in your area. Each of our service areas is staffed by a top-tier team of professional craftsmen who are eager to assist you in improving your home in any way you see fit. Check out our services below to find the right expert for the job, whether you need expert plumbing and electrical work or just some help knocking out a few maintenance tasks around the house.
What sets Handyman Connection apart?
At Handyman Connection, we're proud of both your house and the work we do. Because of our dedication to offering top-notch workmanship and warm customer service, we are a leading provider of home maintenance, repair, and renovation services across the nation. Since 1991, we have been providing customer service, carrying on a history of skilled craftspeople and grateful clients.
Quality Craftsmanship
We provide a wide range of handyman services, such as carpentry, remodeling, and floor installation, all with the same high level of craftsmanship. We can rebuild a space within your house with new flooring, painting, and drywall. We are experts at building and installing fences and decks outside. For our talented craftspeople, no work is too big or too small.
Consistent Excellence
You will always get the same excellent handyman services from us, whether you need us for a single work or ongoing maintenance throughout the year.
Helpful Customer Support
Our regional offices are all available to assist you before, during, and after your project. In case you have any inquiries, do let us know!
What to Expect from Handyman Connection
Set up a time for your estimate that is convenient for your busy schedule. After that, one of our knowledgeable, dependable, and background-checked craftspeople will be assigned to you and provide you a written quote that is guaranteed in writing.
Our Promise To You
For any of your general home maintenance needs, you can count on us to deliver quality workmanship and superior customer service.
Handyman Services for Seniors | Handyman Connection
Handyman Connection offers a variety of handyman services for seniors to allow homeowners of all ages to live comfortably, safely and independently in their homes. With more than 25 years of service and locations across the United States and Canada, you can trust our team of expert craftsmen to provide high-quality workmanship with honest and friendly service every step of the way.

If you or a senior loved one need handyman services for home maintenance or aging in place modifications, simply give our team a call or request a quote today.
Handyman Services for Seniors
At Handyman Connection, we offer a variety of handyman services for seniors. Inevitably, as a household’s occupants and family age, most homes need to be adjusted and updated to provide a more accessible and comfortable space. During this transitional time, let us handle the hard work and make your home fit your specific needs.
Aging in place installations and updates may include options such as ramp installations, roll-out shelves, widening door frames, installing anti-slip flooring, and more to make navigating your home more possible and accessible. These updates allow items such as wheelchairs and walkers to be used in the home with ease. Updates in the bathroom can include grab bar installations, shower seat installations, a walk-in tub or no threshold shower, and more. Updates in the bathroom, kitchen, entryways, and more will make your home convenient for you.
Our handyman services for seniors will allow you to overcome any physical obstacles that your current environment provides. Live in comfort and capability with these additions. During your estimate and walkthrough, tell us exactly what we can do for you and how we can improve your home. Your comfort, safety, and satisfaction are our highest concern.
Grab bar installation
Fixed or portable accessibility ramp installation
Shower seat installation
Walk-in tub installation
Zero-threshold/walk-in shower installation
Anti-scald device installation
Motion-sensor faucet installation
Countertop height remodeling
Roll-out shelving installation
Anti-slip flooring installation
Motion-sensor lighting installation
Door-widening (offset) hinge installation
Pocket door installation
Stairlift installation
Door camera/caregiver camera installation
Related Articles
Aging in Place Tips for Your Home
Aging in place helps older adults remain independent longer. The benefits include lower costs, less stress, and better quality of...
If you build it, they’ll stay; boomers remodel their homes
By JOYCE M. ROSENBERG Apr. 5, 2017 1:26 PM EDT NEW YORK (AP) — If you build it, they will...
Carpentry Services | Handyman Connection
Carpentry Services
As the old saying goes, “owning a hammer doesn’t make you a carpenter.” If you’re looking for carpentry services you can trust, Handyman Connection is your go-to source to get the job done right. With locations all across the United States and Canada, we’re your local connection to the top carpenters and professional craftsmen in your area.

Whether you need a few cabinets repaired or a full built-in shelving system designed, we’ll walk you through every step of the process for a simple and seamless experience. Request a quote today.
Carpentry Services We Offer
Our carpentry services specialize in a wide range of home projects and installations. During your initial estimate with Handyman Connections, tell us how we can help you and exactly what you would like installed or updated in your home. We customize every project to fit your specific needs and vision.
One of our specialties is interior and exterior door installation and replacement. If the doors in your home are out of date, damaged, or are ready to be replaced, our craftsmen will replace and install any of your doors such as bedroom doors, entryways, patio doors, and more. We also provide services to install pet doors and storm doors as well. To complete the job, we offer interior and exterior trim installation and replacement. Update or detail any room with new crown molding and trim as well. With the help of our experts, pick out the best material and color for any room.
Our carpentry services also include repairs, installations, and replacement for windows, cabinets, and more. Our carpenters will tear out and replace any installations to give you new and quality cabinets for updating the bathroom, kitchen, and wherever else our services are needed.
Interior and exterior door installation or replacement
Interior and exterior trim installation or replacement
Base trim and crown molding installation
Beadboard and wainscoting installation
Adding pet doors and storm doors
Complete cabinet repairs or replacement
Window installation or replacement
Elevate Your Viewing Experience: Handy Tips for Wall-Mounting Your TV from Handyman Connection
With Black Friday fast approaching, maybe you're starting to think that you really want to enhance the look and feel...
5 Popular Wall Trim Styles to Know
Not only does decorative wall trim do a great job of hiding the juncture where your walls and doors or...
Deck Repair | Handyman Connection
Deck Repair and Installation
When it comes time to enjoy the outdoors after a long winter, many people do what comes naturally: they head out to the deck. Before you begin, inspect your deck for any potential safety hazards, such as loose railings or damaged boards. That's where Handyman Connection comes in: we provide professional deck repair services to keep your deck safe and beautiful all year.

Do you want to build a new deck? We can also assist with this. Call today or fill out the form above to get in touch with the best deck repair and installation professionals in your area.
Deck Repair and Installation Services
Begin planning your new deck or deck repair project by reviewing our services. We specialize in projects ranging from repair to construction and maintenance. One of our design specialists will assist you in planning and designing a new deck or deck updates based on your vision and needs. During any project or estimate, let us know exactly what we can do for you.
Our specialized services are all built-in in accordance with code standards and regulations. We put up leger boards and the necessary support posts. For new construction and replacement, we use pressure-treated lumber or composite decking and railing. All materials are available in a variety of styles and materials from which to choose.
Handyman Connections also offers deck repair. Our craftsmen will repair your deck’s stair stringers and replace any damaged balusters, deck planks, posts, or stair treads. For your safety and the overall upkeep of the deck, we will maintain, replace, or reinforce all hand railing and joists.
After the deck construction or repairs are complete, or you already have a deck that you would like to have serviced, we can clean, stain, and seal your deck to make it last.
Deck planning and design
Ledger boards and installation of required posts
Deck frames built to code
Installation of pressure-treated lumber or composite decking and railing
Deck cleaning and staining
Repair of stair stringers and baluster replacement
Replacement of deck planks, posts, and stair treads
Handrail maintenance and joist reinforcement
Patio Upgrade: 5 Reasons to Upgrade Your Patio this Spring
Explore 5 Reasons to Upgrade Your Patio this Spring Before spring arrives, it’s time to begin planning what updates you...
What You Need to Know About Porches and Porch Maintenance
How to Maintain and Improve Your Porch with Porch Maintenance Services The warm weather and the comforts of home can...
Drywall Repair | Handyman Connection
Drywall Repair
Whether you need a few dings in the walls repaired or an entire panel replaced, Handyman Connection provides expert drywall repair and installation services throughout the United States and Canada. We provide the high-quality work your home deserves, along with friendly, honest service every step of the way, beginning with a free project estimate.

All of our work is performed by an experienced drywall professional. We’ll walk you through the process to provide a seamless experience – give us a call or request a quote to get started.
Drywall Repair Jobs We Specialize In
Handyman Connection’s drywall repair services are available for any job. We offer repairs, touch-ups, installations, customization, and other services to repair and improve your home’s walls and ceilings. We can repair discoloration caused by moisture or watermarks, wall damage such as nicks and marks, tape seams and nail pops, and patch up and repair any holes in your walls and ceiling. When we’re finished, your walls will look brand new. To alleviate any inconvenience, our craftsmen will even remove that pesky wallpaper for you.
To complete our drywall repair, we can apply a detailed texture to match the existing surface, prime, and paint the drywall. After our detailed and high-quality work is completed, you won’t be able to tell where the holes, damage, and stains were. Handyman Connection is the team to call if you need new drywall, repairs, or anything else. Your wall and ceiling repairs will be completed not only at your convenience, but will also be tailored to your specific requirements, resulting in a stress-free experience as your repairs will be completed before you know it.
Restoring discolored and damaged areas
Framing to install a patch or replacement
Patching holes in ceilings or walls
Repairing tape seams and nail pops
Installation of new drywall
Tape, mud, and float seams
Prime before texturing to hide seams
Texture to match existing surface: flat, knock-down, popcorn and orange peel
Removing wallpaper
Priming and painting drywall
Weekend Upgrade: Repairing Drywall
Drywall is not indestructible. When life happens, it leaves behind unsightly holes and gouges that mar the surface of your...
What Happens When Drywall Gets Wet (& What to Do About It)
With the heavy, prolonged rains that are occurring in many parts of the country, basement flooding is a more common...
Electrical Handyman | Handyman Connection
Handyman Connection is your local connection to the top electricians and electrical handyman services near you. Whether you need a few light switches installed or need some major rewiring done in the house, our electrical experts are up to the task.

With over 25 years of experience serving all across the United States and Canada, you can trust Handyman Connection for a job well done. To connect with an expert electrician, call or request an estimate online.
Electrical Handyman Services
At the Handyman Connection, our electrical handyman can complete a variety of jobs within your home. Our services produce high-quality results from all projects, from installing lighting to generators. Our small jobs cover a variety, such as installing or repairing outlets, switches, and other electrical fixtures. If you are in need of a light fixture or fan installation, we can do that too. Our installations include recessed lighting, under cabinet lighting, installing carbon monoxide detectors, and even installing and wiring for backup generators to make sure they are ready for when you need them.
Our team can complete any project with high attention to detail. Any electrical installation, maintenance, and repair is their area of expertise. Let us know what we can do for you.
Our experts also provide services for upgrading electrical panels and sub-panels in your home or office and can even install electrical surge protectors and GFCIs (ground fault circuit interrupters). No matter the job, the work will be done in a swift and efficient fashion. Your next electrical installation, repair, or upgrade will be in good hands.
From our variety of listed services for installations, repairs, and upgrades, our electrical handyman have you covered.
Installing and repairing electrical fixtures, outlets and switches
Ceiling fan installation
Light fixture installation
Upgrading electrical panels and sub-panels
Installing GFCIs (ground fault circuit interrupters) and electrical surge protectors
Installing motion detectors and other security equipment
Adding hard-wired smoke detectors
Installing carbon monoxide detectors
Installing recessed lighting
Installing under cabinet lighting
Installing and wiring for backup generators
10 Simple Ways to Save on Your Electric Bill
As you watch your electric bill fluctuate month to month, you may wonder if you’re doing everything you can to...
How to Mount a TV in Preparation for Football Season
Football season is around the corner, which means now is a great time to mount a TV for the ultimate...
Fence Repair | Handyman Connection
Fence Repair and Installation
Handyman Connection offers expert fence repair and installation services across the United States and Canada. From simple chain link repairs to full-on privacy fence installations, our team of experienced craftsmen will help you build or maintain your home’s perimeter to help keep your property secure and private. No matter what size or material your fence is made of, our experts can help keep it maintained – give us a call or request an estimate to get in touch.
Fence Repair and Installation Services
If your fence, latches, or gates need to be repaired, our fence repair services and craftsmen will have it done in no time. We repair all kinds of fencing from wood fencing, vinyl fencing, metal fencing, chain link fencing, composite fencing, and more. For the repair service, as needed, we will replace your fence posts and make sure they are secured in concrete. Fence pickets, rails, and any broken latches will be repaired or replaced as needed. If you are looking for a fresh start or would like to put up a fence for the first time, we can replace your existing fence or complete a brand-new installation just for you. Tell us what material, style, and color you would like your fence to be. After installation and repairs are complete, or for a one-time service, we also offer power washing and staining services.
Our handyman services are here to complete any fencing project at your home and properties. We offer services from fence repair, replacement, installation, updates, and power washing to cover all our client’s unique needs. Your satisfaction is our number one goal, so tell us what we can do for you.
Repairing fences of all kinds
Installing cedar, chain link, vinyl or decorative fences
Replacing fence posts securely in concrete
Replacing and repairing pickets and rails
Fences power washing and staining services
Gate and latch installation and repair
3 Signs It’s Time to Replace a Wooden Fence
While there are times that a simple repair such as replacing a warped board or damaged fence post are enough...
Weekend Upgrade: Fence Repair
A wooden fence can be a beautiful addition to your property, giving you privacy from the neighbors, providing additional security...
Tile Repair | Handyman Connection
Tile & Flooring
Have those floors seen better days? The first step in ensuring a successful tile repair or flooring project is to hire a professional you can trust. Handyman Connection is your expert resource for all your flooring needs. From floor surface removal and replacement to grout and polishing, all work performed by Handyman Connection craftsmen is guaranteed – and you’ll love the results.

Our work is performed by experienced craftsmen who walk you through the process every step of the way for a simple and seamless experience. Our goal is your complete satisfaction.
Tile Repair and Installation
Our professional craftspeople at Handyman Connection work to provide our customers with the best quality services we can provide. That is why we offer and specialize in a number of jobs as the ones listed below for tile repair and installation. Our jobs fill many needs such as the need for repair, or to update and replace a floor in your home which can increase the value and improve the quality of living in your home. It’s time to make that update that you’ve always wanted in your home. Change the carpet to hardwood or replace the kitchen tiles with vinyl flooring.
Our services include tile repair, removing or replacing most floor coverings, tile fireplace trim, tile window and base trims, tile countertops and backsplashes, custom tile showers, and more. Our repairs can replace tiles or entire floors as well as replacing grout work. While the replacements and updates are being planned with Handyman Connection, take advantage of our professional planning and designing experts who will help your vision of your home become a reality. Our variety of floor replacements and updates are here to achieve any job a customer requires. Schedule an estimate with Handyman Connection today.
Removing and replacing most floor covering
Planning and design
Tile fireplace trim
Tile window and base trim
Tile countertops and backsplashes
Custom Tile Showers
Replace damaged tiles
Complete grout work
Why Professional Help Is Needed When Refinishing Hardwood Floors
When you take a look at your hardwood floors, you may be wondering what the right steps are to freshen...
4 Types of Flooring Perfect for Bathrooms & Basements
As beautiful as hardwood floors and carpeting can be, there are some places where they just aren’t an appropriate choice;...
Home Maintenance Services | Handyman Connection
Maintenance & Installations
Handyman Connection can provide dependable general handyman services for all of your home's needs when it comes to home improvement and maintenance. We are the trusted source homeowners call when they need a professional handyman, whether they need help cleaning the gutters, installing curtains, or simply can't reach the smoke detectors to change the batteries. There's no need to call around to find what you're looking for when a single call will suffice.

Our work is performed by background-checked, experienced professionals who are here to deliver the high-quality home improvement services your house deserves. To get in touch with our trustworthy team, call or request an estimate today.
Home Maintenance Services
Inside the home, we can install weather stripping, caulk, hang flat-screen TVs, pictures, and mirrors, among other things. We will install blinds and window coverings, as well as change the batteries in hard-to-reach smoke and carbon monoxide detectors. Our home maintenance services are here to save you the trouble of dealing with these various projects. We also provide window repair and cleaning for first-floor windows. We can clean your gutters and, if it’s close to the holidays, hang your Christmas lights and other holiday decorations.
When repairing, installing, or correcting anything inside your home, our home repair services will provide assistance and efficient work. We handle everything from hanging pictures and mirrors to installing cabinet hardware and deadbolts and doorknobs. These streamlined projects will be completed quickly so that you and your family can enjoy your home.
Our craftsmen strive to provide our customers with the highest quality of home maintenance services available. That’s why we offer a large number of projects and options in our catalog for our customers to request and choose from. From big to small home improvement services, we are here for you.
Window repairs
Wash first-story windows
Gutter cleaning
Install weather stripping
Caulking
Installation or replacement of cabinet hardware
Hang flat-screen TVs
Install interior and/or exterior doors
Hang pictures and mirrors
Install blinds and window coverings
Replace or Install doorknobs, deadbolts, and door hardware
Change batteries in smoke and carbon monoxide detectors
Hang Christmas lights and other holiday decorations
Back-to-School Home Maintenance and Safety Tips: Handyman Connection’s Guide to a Safe and Secure Home
Use These Home Maintenance and Safety Tips to Get Your Home Ready for the School Year As the summer comes...
The Ultimate Home Maintenance Checklist
At Handyman Connection we want to provide a simple guide that will allow you to check off your to-dos. With...
Painting Services | Handyman Connection
Painting Services
A fresh coat of paint is an easy way to update the look and feel of your home, both inside and out. Whether you need interior or exterior painting, Handyman Connection offers expert home painting services that will make you fall in love with your home all over again. From the careful prep work through the final coat and cleanup, our qualified team of craftsmen will take the time to ensure that you’re fully satisfied with the end results.
Painting Services We Specialize In
Our craftspeople at Handyman Connection provide a variety of painting services to our customers. Whether your required jobs are inside or outside of your home, our handymen will handle the job with their practiced expertise and quality results. Projects to be completed inside the home include interior painting any rooms, hallways, or ceilings. All painting jobs can receive a faux finish or texture as well. Add detail to or clean up a room’s appearance with services such as painting the baseboards, accents, and trims. We don’t only paint, our handymen can also hang wallpaper and add a border to your wallpaper as well.
Painting services outside the home include complete exterior painting, and even servicing your decks and patios. We are the ones for the job if you want your deck, railings, fences, or all of the above, to be power washed, painted, or stained for a whole new fresh look.
Our services are varied and are many. Let’s complete that home project that has been waiting to be done for a while now. A fresh coat of paint, new wallpaper, or a staining update is a whole new breath of life into your home.
Faux finish painting and texture
Painting accents, baseboards and trim
Hanging wallpaper
Adding wallpaper boarders
Power washing Decks and Fences
Staining Decks and Fences
4 Expert Interior Painting Tips to Paint Like a Pro
Interior painting is an important part of creating a beautiful and inviting home. Taking the time to properly prepare and...
How to Complete Exterior Painting
How to Complete Exterior Painting for Your Home From the weather, sun, wind, and rain, your home will need a...
Plumbing Services | Handyman Connection
Perhaps you've been clueless to the trickling faucet. Alternatively, it may be time to replace your old toilet with a water-saving type. Whatever your plumbing issues are, Handyman Connection can help. Our professional plumbers can handle everything from preventing leaks and repairing shower heads to installing washing machine hookups and more.

All our plumbing work is done by expert plumbers who will work with you to discover the best solution for your home. Call or request an estimate online today to find a plumber near you.
Plumbing Services
Our craftspeople are available to accomplish any task or repair, as stated in our jobs list below if you require Handyman Connection’s plumbing services. Whether an upgrade, replacement, repair, or installation is required, our services are available to assist our valued customers. We can do any project in the house, including bathrooms, kitchens, basements, utility closets, and water lines.
Our work includes repairing leaky toilets, faucets, and pipelines, among other things. Shower heads, steam showers, vent pipes, and drain systems will all be repaired. We can not only replace but also install new showers and tubs, shower heads, vanities, faucets, toilets, flanges, wax rings, sinks, and more if you need them. No matter what the issue is, our team will solve it.
A prompt repair can save you and your property money in the long run by preventing costly damage from dampness, leaks, and flooding. Don’t hesitate to contact our team; Handyman Connection is available to assist you with any plumbing repair or replacement project. We’ll save you the time and aggravation that comes with a leaking sink or shower. Your appliances and plumbing will be up and running in no time with our plumbing services.
Jobs We Specialize In
Leaking toilets and leaking faucets
Installing toilets, flanges, and wax rings
Supply line installation or replacement
Adding new mixer valves in showers
Moving drains and supply lines
Installing and repairing shower heads and steam showers
Repairing vent pipes and drain systems
Installing washing machine hookups
Toilet Installation or Replacement
Tub/Shower Installation or Replacement
Vanity Installation or Replacement
Faucet Installation or Replacement
Can Plumbing Water Lines Be Moved?
If you want to switch up your bathroom’s layout but the plumbing isn’t on the side you need it to...
Plumbing Problems? When You Should Call Plumbing Professionals
Handyman Connection Plumbing Professionals Plumbing issues in your home can be serious, so it’s important to call plumbing professionals if...
Remodeling Services | Handyman Connection
Looking for trusted remodeling services to turn your house into the home of your dreams? Whether it’s updating a bathroom or finally making that dream kitchen remodel a reality, call the craftsmen of Handyman Connection for the high-quality work your home deserves. Want a man cave in the basement? Check. A new screened porch for summer? No problem. Handyman Connection offers expert services for jobs of all shapes and sizes.
Remodeling Services
Our work is performed by experienced contractors and craftsmen who will make sure you’re happy with your home remodel or renovation from start to finish. Call or request an estimate to get started today.
Remodeling your home is a great step to not only improve the house’s value and age but to improve your personal comfort and happiness in your home. We want you to achieve the unique vision you have for your home. Upgrades and remodeling services will improve your overall quality of life and increase your home’s durability. Upgrading your kitchen in time for the holidays is a great opportunity to celebrate or welcome the family home. Upgrading your porch or patio allows for the backyard to be used and enjoyed more frequently and remodeling the basement turns a space of storage and disuse into a useable and valuable asset for the house and family. It’s time to put your ideas for remodeling into action. Schedule an estimate with our professionals at Handyman Connection today.
Kitchen remodeling
Bathroom remodeling
Bathroom projects and upgrades
Basement remodeling
Porches and patio projects and upgrades
Home renovations
Tips for Remodeling a Kitchen on a Budget
Looking for a big upgrade to your kitchen on a little budget? Though the average kitchen remodel costs a startling...
The Best Tools for Remodeling Contractors
Equipping yourself with the proper tools for remodeling and renovation is essential to make your work more convenient and finish...
Storage Solutions | Handyman Connection
Call Handyman Connection for experienced custom storage solutions for your home, whether you're running out of space in the garage for your tools or can't stand your overflowing kitchen cabinets any longer. We'll work with you to build custom storage or cabinetry that will help you organize your stuff and keep them organized.

With expert carpenters and custom storage installation experts across the United States and Canada, you can trust Handyman Connection to provide high-quality workmanship for any size job. Call or request an estimate to get in touch today.
Storage Solutions
Expanding storage and how a room is organized in a home can significantly reduce stress and clutter. Homes are designed to shelter you and your family for many years, and throughout that time, many belongings gather that require organization and storage. Upgrade specific portions of your home with new installations and furnishings that converts empty rooms into usable and concise regions to make your home work for you.
Installing pre-fabricated home shelving systems
Planning and installing new closet shelving and storage
Designing and implementing custom shelving
Installing built-in book cases
Adding laundry shelving
Custom entertainment centers
Garage shelving
4 Simple Steps for Entryway Organization
How often do you forget where you put something important? If you don’t have a good system for keeping track...
5 Home Organization Tips for 2023
Having a home that is organized can make life easier and more enjoyable. It can help reduce stress, save time,...
Home Repair | Handyman Connection
The core values of Handyman Connection
Deliver on Our Commitments
Respect the Connections
Have Pride in What We Do
Practice Continuous Improvement
Don't just take our word for it
At Handyman Connection, we pride ourselves in teaming with skilled craftspeople across a wide range of specialties to give you peace of mind when tackling all of your home improvement needs.
“
Bryan M. did an outstanding job fixing a current problem and correcting a previous suboptimal situation. Highly recommend.
Stephen Goscin
February 14, 2024
Very clear communication, could always get a hold of someone if I had any questions. David was extremely professional and nice. So happy with the work, and if I had any concerns David was happy to add...
Stephanie T
Fast and courteous carpenter Ron Sparks was sent to my home to frame both my garage and service doors. His work is outstanding. I would recommend Handyman Connection, they send out experienced contrac...
Shirley Conrad
Professional and easy to work with! They got the job scheduled quickly and did excellent work with our industrial doorknob and deadbolt replacement. Would absolutely use again!
Chelsey Jones
February 13, 2024
Excellent experience with Andy, quick response from the company.Very happy with the job.
Susie Johnson
Matt was very nice, efficient and knowledgeable. He fixed my electrical issue and installed new fixtures for me. I would certainly use Handyman Connection and their awesome contractors again.
Anastasia Lim
I had a bit of an atypical project and I had never tried the Handyman Connection of Ann Arbor before. After calling several places who said they could not do the job, not only did handyman do the job....
Josh Wyant
A job well done. Respectful and friendly service! I will definitely call Handyman connection again if I am in need of their services.
Robin Scodras
Why Choose Handyman Connection for Home Repair & Improvement.
All Work Guaranteed in Writing
Insured
Advanced Technology
Craftsmen are Background Checked
Local Handyman Services | Handyman Connection
Handyman Connection of Alpharetta
Handyman Connection of Ann Arbor
Handyman Connection of Austin-Westlake
Handyman Connection of Blue Ash
Handyman Connection of Boise
Handyman Connection of Brantford
Handyman Connection of Brighton
Handyman Connection of Calgary
Handyman Connection of Canton
Handyman Connection of Canyon Rim
Handyman Connection of Carmel
Handyman Connection of Cedar Park
Handyman Connection of Chesterfield
Handyman Connection of Colorado Springs
Handyman Connection of Coraopolis, PA
Handyman Connection of Durham, ON
Handyman Connection of Eden Prairie
Handyman Connection of Edmonton
Handyman Connection of Fort Collins
Handyman Connection of Golden
Handyman Connection of Grapevine
Handyman Connection of Hamilton, ON
Handyman Connection of Johnson County
Handyman Connection of Kelowna
Handyman Connection of Kitchener
Handyman Connection of Lexington
Handyman Connection of Lincoln
Handyman Connection of Mason
Handyman Connection of Matthews
Handyman Connection of McKinney
Handyman Connection of Mississauga
Handyman Connection of Mount Pleasant
Handyman Connection of Mountain View
Handyman Connection of Newburg, KY
Handyman Connection of NW Arkansas
Handyman Connection of Ottawa
Handyman Connection of Parker
Handyman Connection of Pasadena
Handyman Connection of Phoenix
Handyman Connection of Red Deer
Handyman Connection of Regina
Handyman Connection of Rockford
Handyman Connection of Saskatoon
Handyman Connection of Scarborough
Handyman Connection of Scottsdale
Handyman Connection of Silver Spring
Handyman Connection of South Shore
Handyman Connection of Spring Servicing the Woodlands
Handyman Connection of Toronto West
Handyman Connection of Vancouver
Handyman Connection of Vaughan
Handyman Connection of Victoria
Handyman Connection of Wheaton
Handyman Connection of Wichita East
Handyman Connection of Wilmington
Handyman Connection of Winchester
Handyman Connection of Winnipeg
Handyman Connection of Winter Park
Handyman Franchise | Handyman Connection
Meet the Team
Testimonials
Awards and Recognition
Benefits of Ownership
Training and Support
Finding Craftsmen
Marketing
Why Join a Franchise vs. Trying It On Your Own
Technology
Franchise Award Process
FAQs
Arizona
Alabama
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Florida
Georgia
Idaho
Illinois
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
North Carolina
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
South Dakota
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Washington D.C.
Wisconsin
Blog
The Investment
Ready to take the next step?
Available handyman franchise opportunities.
Make your dream of starting a business a reality.
Work with a brand...
known and trusted throughout North America.
Our process.
A proven business model for success.
Take the first step.
Start your own business today!
Take control of your life with an affordable investment opportunity.
Work with a brand known and trusted throughout North America.
Continued Excellence.
At Handyman Connection, our craftspeople work with customizable and detailed plans to help our customers’ projects reach their full potential. Make these projects a reality for homeowners in your area by becoming a franchise owner of Handyman Connection today. We go the extra mile when it comes to helping customers complete their home improvement projects. Whether it’s as simple as replacing cabinet hardware or installing a deck in a backyard, our Handyman Connection franchise continues to bring these quality projects to our valued customers.
Grow and Thrive with Flexibility
Flexibility is crucial when you own a home improvement franchise with Handyman Connection. Your daily routine changes but the goal remains the same: grow and develop your handyman franchise. You work with internal staff and your teams of craftspeople at the same time that you communicate with clients. You split your time equally between office work and being out and about. Whether you are marketing to new clientele, providing quotes to customers, or recruiting new team members, Handyman Connection franchise ownership allows you to plan for a financial future while keeping your work and home life in balance.
Embracing Franchise Ownership.
Handyman Connection takes great pride in the business opportunities we’ve cultivated through our franchise ownership model. Whether you’re new to franchising or an experienced multi-unit operator, becoming a Handyman Connection franchise owner will unlock a spectrum of exceptional prospects. If you’re pursuing a more fulfilling, engaging, and passion-driven livelihood, we encourage you to explore the possibility of becoming a Handyman Connection Franchise Owner today. The advantages of franchise ownership are truly invaluable. Your future is an investment worth making, and we look forward to connecting with you soon to discuss the numerous advantages of joining our esteemed franchise system as a distinguished Handyman Connection franchise owner.
Straight from our Franchisees
Handyman Connection has made starting a construction business as easy as it can be. They have done a phenomenal job of putting together not just the training program but the systems and procedures and when I left training I was ready to run a business.
- Nate Bruen
I was working in the field everyday with the tools and I needed an opportunity to get out of the field and the big deciding factor was the operational setup to be in the office and working with a team in the field.
- Chris Schenk
At Discovery Day, everyone treated us like family. They really took the time to care about us and why we wanted to do this and the process was amazing. My husband and I knew that this is where we belong.
- Docia Boylen
I came to my first conference and the franchisees that have been here for awhile were an open book and helped me plan my success. Now I like to pay it forward for new franchisee owners.
- Lisa and Ben Gasca
Take the first step!
Start your own business.
If you’re interested in pursuing a new career as a Handyman Connection entrepreneur, we’d love to chat with you. Enter your information into the form below and a member of our team will reach out to schedule an introductory phone call.
(Required)
Country*
United States
Canada
State*
Alaska
Arkansas
Delaware
District of Columbia
Hawaii
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Maine
Mississippi
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Dakota
Rhode Island
South Carolina
Tennessee
Vermont
West Virginia
Wyoming
Armed Forces Americas
Armed Forces Europe
Armed Forces Pacific
Providence*
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
CAPTCHA
Handyman Connection is committed to your privacy. By submitting the form above you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy.
Phone
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
The Lifestyle You Want.
In control of your destiny.
You make the decisions.
Income you desire.
More time with family.
|
Home Improvement Tips and Ideas | Handyman Connection
Handyman Connection Blog
Category
Bathroom
Decks
Home Improvement
Home Maintenance
Kitchen
Newsletter
Outdoors
Press Releases
Shelves
Refresh Your Home with Handyman Connection’s Spring Cleaning Checklist
As spring arrives, it's the perfect time to breathe new life into your living space. After months of winter hibernation,...
Seal Your Home’s Love with Warmth: Checking for Drafts in February
As the month of love unfolds, it's the perfect time to show your home some affection by ensuring it stays...
Heartfelt Home Organization: A February Journey with Handyman Connection
February is the month of love, and what better way to express affection than by showing your home some heartfelt...
Show Your Home Some Love: Maintenance Tips for February From Handyman Connection
As February rolls in, it's the perfect time to show your home some love and attention. Winter can take a...
The Heart of Your Home: Kitchen Remodeling Ideas From Handyman Connection
Transforming your kitchen doesn't have to come with a hefty price tag. Handyman Connection offers a selection of minor remodeling...
Effortless Holiday Decoration Storage: A Handyman Connection Guide
As the holiday season ends and the time comes to say goodbye to the festive décor, the challenge of neatly...
New Year, New Look: 2024 Paint Trends from Handyman Connection That Will Pop!
As we enter the new year, get ready to transform your living spaces with the latest painting trends in 2024...
Projects Wrapped 2023: A Wrap-Up of Our Handyman Home Improvement Projects
Welcome to Handyman Connection's 2023 Projects Wrapped! Much like Spotify's wrapped segment, this feature provides an overview of 5 home...
Harnessing Energy Efficiency for National Energy Conservation Day With Handyman Connection
As we celebrate National Energy Conservation Day on December 14th, there's no better time to reflect on our home's energy...
1
…
Become a Craftsman | Handyman Connection
local team today!
Work for Yourself – Without Being on Your Own
As part of Handyman Connection, you can earn a comfortable living helping homeowners with small to medium repairs, remodeling and home improvement projects. We are the original – and leading – home improvement specialists in North America.
Outstanding Income
Amazing Office Support
Flexibility
Incentive Programs
Stay Busy
Do Work You Love
Training & Coaching
Long-term Career Path Support
Local & National Marketing Support
Join Our Team Today!
Please enter your zip/postal code below to view available positions in your area:
Be Rewarded for Your Hard Work and Loyalty
We are looking for craftsmen with a proven track record who are dedicated to their work and the customers they serve. Handyman Connection fosters a professional, comfortable and flexible work environment. Each franchisee offers incentive programs that reward outstanding performance.
Get the hands-on work you want
Experienced remodelers, carpenters, plumbers, electricians, painters, drywallers – and other skilled handymen – are always in demand at Handyman Connection.
Sorry, iframes are not supported.
At Handyman Connection, we pride ourselves in teaming with skilled craftsmen across a wide range of specialties to give you peace of mind when tackling all of your home improvement needs.
See what our craftsmen have to say
Great working with them
Fritz T
September 30, 2023
Becoming part of the Team was seamless. Everyone has been very helpful and accommodating during the start up. They also have been extremely supportive for tech end support and functions. Looking forwa...
Scott *
September 24, 2023
I enjoy the people and the process that is used , it makes it possible to continue to service my existing clients
Randy S
September 10, 2023
It is so wonderful to have the flexibility as well as working with tip craftsman like Andrew. I'm learning a lot and I'm still able to accommodate a schedule for my family.
Tag M
September 8, 2023
The experience was excellent! The job was straight forward and paid very competitively. All details and issues were dealt with promptly so I was able to make sure the client was pleased and satisfied...
Andrew M
July 6, 2023
So far it’s been a wonderful experience coming onboard. I love it!
Jason _
June 25, 2023
Everything has been very positive and professional to this point and I am looking forward to continuing on.
Robert G
April 21, 2023
It’s been great so far
Stephen H
March 31, 2023
I enjoy working on all different types of projects and to meet/exceed customers' expectations.  I also like the work schedule flexibility.
Arturo A
March 28, 2023
Careers | Handyman Corporate
Open Positions in North America
Search By Name or Description
Search by Postal Code
Select Radius
Within 0 mile
Within 1 mile
Within 5 miles
Within 10 miles
Within 25 miles
Within 50 miles
Within 100 miles
Within 500 miles
-
Get started today
Blue Ash, OH 45242
Handyman Reviews | Handyman Connection
Reviews
At Handyman Connection, we believe in delivering on our commitments, respecting our connections in the community, taking pride in our work, and practicing continual improvement to deliver top-notch workmanship. Our goal is to relentlessly pursue meaningful, lifetime relationships with our customers. Earning your trust is essential to what we do. Below are some of our handyman reviews that reflect our quality work and customer service.
See what our customers have to say
Very clear communication, could always get a hold of someone if I had any questions. David was extremely professional and nice. So happy with the work, and if I had any concerns David was happy to address them. We definitely recommend them to anyone.
Fast and courteous carpenter Ron Sparks was sent to my home to frame both my garage and service doors. His work is outstanding. I would recommend Handyman Connection, they send out experienced contractors (which I will be using again). 😊
I had a bit of an atypical project and I had never tried the Handyman Connection of Ann Arbor before. After calling several places who said they could not do the job, not only did handyman do the job. The guy they sent, Chris Crandall did some of the best work I have ever gotten from a handyman. He thought through the project, explained his rationale for his approach, gave me a fair quote and even though the project took a little longer than he anticipated stayed within a few dollars of the initial quote. I would recommend them again!
Mike exceeded my expectations as he was professional, efficient and highly skilled in completing my cabinetry repairs. He suggested options and together we agreed on the best solutions. I will definitely recommend HC to friends and neighbours.
nicole
Great experience! Chase T. trimmed my whole townhouse & did an excellent job. He was on time & had good communication. I asked for trim around a window to be fixed due to a board bowing (this was my fault, not his) & he fixed it no problem. Will use Handyman in the future.
Kelly W
February 12, 2024
Our Guarantee | Handyman Connection
Home
At Handyman Connection, we’re committed to providing you with dependable and skilled handymen, first class workmanship and exceptional customer service! The skilled craftsmen who come to your home or business take immense pride in the work that they undertake and complete for you.
Our work is guaranteed for one (1) year from the date of invoice during which time Handyman Connection will repair, free of charge, any defects in workmanship performed based on the terms of the Agreement with you.
We believe that every project we undertake is an opportunity to prove ourselves to you, our customer, which is why we find only the most qualified craftsmen to serve your home improvement needs. With professional handyman services from Handyman Connection, our intent is for you to have craftsmen who are qualified to handle anything that you need. When it comes to working on your home we understand that you want to choose someone that you can trust, and Handyman Connection has been building that trust since 1993.
Email
Privacy Policy | Handyman Connection
Privacy Policy
Acceptance of Terms and of Use
THESE TERMS OF USE ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME, EFFECTIVE UPON POSTING ON THE SERVICE.
Disclaimer
The information contained on the Services, including the Website and Mobile Apps is intended to provide information on various subjects of interest. THE INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND HANDYMAN CONNECTION MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. HANDYMAN CONNECTION DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR TIMELINESS OF THIS INFORMATION. YOUR USE OF THIS INFORMATION IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK OF LOSS RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS INFORMATION. HANDYMAN CONNECTION WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER IN AN ACTION BASED UPON A STATUTE, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE.
Neither HANDYMAN CONNECTION, nor its franchisees, warrants that access to the Services will be uninterrupted or that the Services will be error free; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the reliability, completeness, or content of any service, information or materials provided through or in connection with the use of the Services. Neither HANDYMAN CONNECTION, nor its affiliates, franchisees or licensors warrant that the Services are free from viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other harmful components, nor are they able to guarantee that any personal information supplied by you will not be misappropriated, intercepted, deleted, destroyed or used by others.
Although the franchisees take certain steps to examine the credentials of craftsman and service advisors, HANDYMAN CONNECTION makes no guarantees or representations regarding the skills or representations of such craftsman or service advisors or the quality of the job that he or she may perform for you if you elect to retain their services. HANDYMAN CONNECTION does not endorse or recommend the services of any particular craftsman. It is entirely up to you to evaluate an individual’s qualifications, and to enter into a direct contract or otherwise reach agreement with a service advisor, craftsman or franchisee. HANDYMAN CONNECTION does not guarantee or warrant any craftsman’s performance on the job or the outcome or quality of the services performed, however, the franchisees often warranty the jobs for up to one year. The craftsmen, service advisors and franchisees are not employees or agents of HANDYMAN CONNECTION.
HANDYMAN CONNECTION may display licensing information, award recognition, or business ratings through third-party services that may be provided by franchisees or craftsman on the HANDYMAN CONNECTION national Website, on the franchisee’s website, or through Mobile Apps, however HANDYMAN CONNECTION does not confirm (i) the accuracy, of any such information, (ii) that any such licenses, award recognition or business ratings are active or in good standing, or (iii) that any such license, award recognition or business ratings are appropriate for the task for which you are seeking a service advisor or craftsman. We recommend that you confirm all licensing requirements, award recognitions, business ratings or business standings before proceeding with any work you may contract to have performed.
User IDs and Passwords
You will be solely responsible for the maintenance and security of any login identifiers and passwords. If you have a login identifier and password that are unique to you, you agree not to disclose or share your login identifier and password with any third party. HANDYMAN CONNECTION reserves the right to deny or revoke access to the Services, including the Website or Mobile App, or any part thereof, at any time in its sole discretion, with or without cause. Your access to the Services will terminate upon the termination of these Terms of Use by HANDYMAN CONNECTION for any reason.
Use Restrictions / Exceptions
The copyright in all material provided on the Services, including the Website and Mobile App, is held by HANDYMAN CONNECTION or by the original creator of the material. Except as stated below, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, altered, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of HANDYMAN CONNECTION or the copyright owner. Permission is granted for anyone legally using the Website or Services to display, copy, distribute and download the materials on the Website or Mobile Apps for individual use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. HANDYMAN CONNECTION authorized dealers, distributors or warranty service providers may make multiple copies of such material as long as it is used for HANDYMAN CONNECTION business purposes. Any such permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials. You also may not, without HANDYMAN CONNECTION’s permission, copy or reproduce, in whole or in part, any material contained on the Services, including, but not limited to, the Website, Mobile Apps or on any other server. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on the Services may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
You acknowledge and agree that your use of HANDYMAN CONNECTION’s Services is for your personal use and not for advertising purposes. You may not use any of the HANDYMAN CONNECTION Services to recreate or compete with HANDYMAN CONNECTION, to solicit or harass anyone associated with HANDYMAN CONNECTION or anyone associated with the franchisees of HANDYMAN CONNECTION, or for any other purpose not contemplated herein. You may not upload any files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, trap doors, back doors, Easter eggs, time bombs, worms, cancelbots, corrupted files or any other similar software that may damage the operation of another’s computer or mobile device. You may not defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights of others. You may not publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any profane, defamatory, infringing obscene, or unlawful topic or information. You may not data-mine, data-crawl or index any of the HANDYMAN CONNECTION’s websites or mobile devices, including the Website and Mobile Apps. You may not upload content that is offensive and or harmful including, but not limited to content that condones or promotes bigotry, hatred, racism, exploitation or physical harm. You acknowledge that a violation of the foregoing could result in significant damages, and you agree that you are liable to HANDYMAN CONNECTION for any such damages, and will indemnify HANDYMAN CONNECTION in the event of any third party claims against HANDYMAN CONNECTION based on or arising from your violation of the foregoing. We reserve the right to revoke your access to any HANDYMAN CONNECTION Services at any time. All information about HANDYMAN CONNECTION is confidential and for your personal use only. If it is determined or suspected by HANDYMAN CONNECTION, in its sole discretion, that you are misusing or attempting to misuse or circumvent the HANDYMAN CONNECTION Services or system, or are using or attempting to use them for any inappropriate or non-personal purposes, including but not limited to activities such as hacking, scraping content, infiltrating, fraud, advertising, jamming or spamming, HANDYMAN CONNECTION reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to immediately terminate your access to the Services without notice and to initiate without notice appropriate legal actions or proceedings to seek appropriate remedies and/or damages, including but not limited to lost revenue, repairs, legal fees, costs and expenses, and to seek injunctions or other equitable remedies.
Trademarks, Copyrights, and Other Intellectual Property
This Website contains HANDYMAN CONNECTION trademarks and service marks. All rights in the intellectual property contained in the Website including copyright, trademarks, trade secret and patent rights are reserved. All materials contained on the Website are subject to the ownership rights of HANDYMAN CONNECTION.
All text, graphics, editorial content, data, formatting, graphs, designs, HTML, look and feel, photographs, music, sounds, images, software, videos, designs, typefaces and other content (collectively, “Proprietary Material”) that users see or read on the Services is owned by HANDYMAN CONNECTION or are used by permission. Proprietary Material is protected in all forms, media and technologies now known or hereinafter developed. HANDYMAN CONNECTION owns all Proprietary Material under the United States Copyright Act, as amended. The Proprietary Material is protected by the domestic and international laws of copyright, patents, and other proprietary rights and laws. Users may not copy, download, use, redesign, reconfigure, or retransmit anything from the Services without HANDYMAN CONNECTION’s express prior written consent. Any use of such Proprietary Material, other than as permitted therein, is expressly prohibited without the prior permission of HANDYMAN CONNECTION and/or the relevant rights holder.
The service marks and trademarks of HANDYMAN CONNECTION, including without limitation Handymanconnection.com and the HANDYMAN CONNECTION logo are service marks owned by HANDYMAN CONNECTION. Any other trademarks, service marks, logos and/or trade names appearing on the Services are the property of their respective owners. You may not copy or use any of these marks, logos or trade names without the express prior written consent of the owner.
HANDYMAN CONNECTION may provide certain content relating to home improvement, repair, or maintenance (“Website Content”) on the Website, or via Mobile Apps. Such Website Content is provided “as-is”, without any warranties or representations, and you assume all liability and responsibility for your use of such Website Content. You understand and agree that the Website Content do not provide advice, and that such Website Content is no substitute for the advice of a professional.
HANDYMAN CONNECTION, its craftsmen and/or service advisors may, with or without your permission, post photographs of any job or job site to the Website and/or Mobile Apps, including, but not limited to, photographs showing the progress of a job at a job site. By using and continuing to use the Website, Mobile Apps and Services, you agree to release HANDYMAN CONNECTION (and HANDYMAN CONNECTION’s officers, directors, affiliates, employees and agents) from all claims arising from or related to such photographs, including the action of posting such photographs to the Website and/or Mobile Apps. Further, you hold HANDYMAN CONNECTION (and HANDYMAN CONNECTION’s officers, directors, affiliates, employees and agents) harmless from any claims asserted by any third party relating to or arising from the posting of such photographs. Once posted to the Website and/or Mobile Apps, all photographs will become HANDYMAN CONNECTION’s intellectual property and HANDYMAN CONNECTION will be able to use all photographs in any manner at its sole discretion.
Access and Information
Your access is limited to viewing the information on HANDYMAN CONNECTION’s Services, Website and Mobile Apps solely for legitimate business purposes. Any access or attempt to access other HANDYMAN CONNECTION computer systems or mobile platforms or other information contained on HANDYMAN CONNECTION systems or Services for any reason is prohibited. You agree not to use any information contained on the Website, Mobile Apps or Services for other than legitimate business purposes.
Links
At certain places on the HANDYMAN CONNECTION Website or Mobile Apps, live links to other Internet addresses can be accessed. Such external Internet addresses contain information created, published, maintained, or otherwise posted by organizations independent of HANDYMAN CONNECTION. HANDYMAN CONNECTION does not endorse, approve, certify, maintain, or control these external Internet addresses and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing of information located at such addresses. HANDYMAN CONNECTION provides the links only as a convenience. Use of any information obtained from such addresses is voluntary, and reliance on it should only be undertaken after an independent review of its accuracy, completeness, efficacy, and timeliness. Neither the inclusion of the link as part of the Services or the Website nor reference therein to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademarks, service mark, manufacturer, or otherwise constitutes or implies endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by HANDYMAN CONNECTION.
There may be circumstances where access to the Website or Mobile App is provided by a hypertext link located at another website or mobile site. HANDYMAN CONNECTION has no responsibility for the content of such other web sites or mobile apps. HANDYMAN CONNECTION does not make any representations or give any warranties or conditions with respect to any information contained in or at these other websites or apps and HANDYMAN CONNECTION shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from the content of or access to these other sites. HANDYMAN CONNECTION does not endorse the individuals, companies or other similar entities, or any products or materials associated with such individuals, companies or other similar entities, which provide a link. Unless approved in writing in advance by HANDYMAN CONNECTION, you agree not to: (a) provide or create a link to a website or mobile app; or (b) create any frames at any other web sites or mobile apps pertaining to any of the materials located on the HANDYMAN CONNECTION Website or Mobile Apps. You also agree not to post any materials to the Website, Mobile Apps or Services without the express written permission of HANDYMAN CONNECTION.
Information You Provide
Upon using any of the HANDYMAN CONNECTION Services, you will be prompted to disclose certain information about yourself, and you may be able to store information, on the Website or Mobile Apps (“Your Information”). Your Information is defined as any information and/or materials you provide to HANDYMAN CONNECTION, or HANDYMAN CONNECTION franchisees or other users, affiliates, or parties in connection with your registration for and or use of the Services, including without limitation those posted or transmitted for use in public areas. HANDYMAN CONNECTION, and the Services that HANDYMAN CONNECTION may provide (including, but not limited to the Website and Mobile Apps) are communication platforms that enable connections between users. HANDYMAN CONNECTION does not take part in the interaction between users. Some of Your Information will be sent to different parties, including but not limited to franchisees, craftsman, and HANDYMAN CONNECTION. By providing this information, you expressly consent to being contacted by various parties via phone, fax, email, mail or other reasonable means, at any of your contact numbers or addresses, even if you are listed on any federal, state, provincial or other applicable “Do Not Call” list (as defined by any such location), in order that HANDYMAN CONNECTION may provide the services set forth on the Website, to service your account, to reasonably address matters pertaining to your request or for other purposes reasonably related to you, including marketing related emails. For complete details on HANDYMAN CONNECTION’s use of Your Information, please see HANDYMAN CONNECTION’s privacy practices below. You agree that by completing this information, you agree to be contacted. You promise that all information you provide will be accurate, current and truthful to the best of your knowledge. You hereby represent and warrant to HANDYMAN CONNECTION that Your Information: (a) will not be false, inaccurate, incomplete or misleading; (b) will not be fraudulent or involve the sale of counterfeit or stolen items; (c) will not infringe any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary right or rights of publicity or privacy; (d) will not violate any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation (including without limitation those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising); (e) will not be defamatory, libelous, unlawfully threatening, or unlawfully harassing; (f) will not be obscene or contain child pornography or be harmful to minors; (g) will not contain any viruses, Trojan Horses, worms, or any other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information; and (h) will not create liability for HANDYMAN CONNECTION or cause HANDYMAN CONNECTION to lose the services of its Internet service providers or other partners. If you provide any information that is untrue, not current or incomplete, or HANDYMAN CONNECTION has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, HANDYMAN CONNECTION or the HANDYMAN CONNECTION franchisee has the right to refuse any current or future use of the HANDYMAN CONNECTION Services (or any portion thereof) by you. You are responsible for any use of the HANDYMAN CONNECTION Services by persons to whom you intentionally or negligently allow access to your password.
TO KNOWINGLY INPUT FALSE INFORMATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NAME, PHONE NUMBER, ADDRESS OR E-MAIL ADDRESS IS A SERIOUS MATTER THAT COULD RESULT IN SIGNIFICANT COSTS AND DAMAGES INCLUDING INVASION OF PRIVACY RIGHTS, TO HANDYMAN CONNECTION AND ITS FRANCHISEES AND/OR CRAFTSMAN, AND TO CONSUMERS, AS WELL AS THE LOSS OF TIME, EFFORT AND EXPENSE RESPONDING TO AND PURSUING SUCH FALSE INFORMATION AND REQUEST, AND FURTHER, COULD RESULT IN REGULATORY FINES AND PENALTIES. ACCORDINGLY, IF YOU KNOWINGLY INPUT FALSE INFORMATION, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SOME ONE ELSE’S NAME, E-MAIL ADDRESS, PHYSICAL ADDRESS OR PHONE NUMBER OR A RANDOM OR MADE UP NAME, ADDRESS, E-MAIL OR PHONE NUMBER, YOU AGREE TO FULLY INDEMNIFY AND BE LIABLE TO HANDYMAN CONNECTION AND EACH HANDYMAN CONNECTION FRANCHISEE WHO ACCEPTS SUCH INFORMATION, FOR THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMISSABLE BY LAW FOR EACH OF THE ACTUAL PERSON(S) AFFECTED BY ANY OF THE IMPROPER, INCORRECT OR FRAUDULENT INFORMATION YOU ENTER PER IMPROPER SUBMISSION, PLUS ANY ATTORNEYS FEES COSTS AND EXPENSE RELATING THERETO, IF APPLICABLE, IN ADDITION TO THE ACTUAL DAMAGES, DIRECT, PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL, AND ANY REGULATORY OR JUDICIAL FINES OR PENALTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM SUCH INTENTIONAL, MISLEADING, HARMFUL AND FRAUDULENT ACTIVITY, PLUS REASONABLE LEGAL FEES, COST AND EXPENSES RELATING TO OBTAINING SUCH REMEDIES.
Unless agreed to by HANDYMAN CONNECTION beforehand, any material, information or idea you transmit to or post on the Website by any means will forever be the property of HANDYMAN CONNECTION (without paying any compensation of any kind) and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and may be disseminated or used by HANDYMAN CONNECTION or its affiliates for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all personal data provided to HANDYMAN CONNECTION’s Website will be handled in accordance with HANDYMAN CONNECTION’s Privacy Policy, as stated on the Website.
You acknowledge and agree that HANDYMAN CONNECTION, or a third-party service that HANDYMAN CONNECTION, or its franchisees may outsource to, may monitor and or record any telephone calls between you and HANDYMAN CONNECTION and/or a HANDYMAN CONNECTION franchisee or the franchisee’s representatives.
Transactions
HANDYMAN CONNECTION may inform you of certain offers or discounts provided by franchisees. Such offers or discounts are subject to franchisee participation, and any direct offers must be made solely by the franchisee or its representatives. HANDYMAN CONNECTION does not guarantee or warrant the pricing or discounts that a franchisee, service advisor or craftsman may offer you. Any quotes provided by craftsmen, service advisors or the franchisees, or which you find via e-mails, websites or apps, are not contractually binding offers from HANDYMAN CONNECTION, and are for informational purposes only, and cannot be accepted by HANDYMAN CONNECTION. No contractual arrangement with HANDYMAN CONNECTION is created based upon the quotes provided to you from craftsman, service advisors or franchisees (or from any electronic advertisement) with HANDYMAN CONNECTION, but instead, you must work directly with the franchisee or their representatives. HANDYMAN CONNECTION is a Franchisor and does not perform, and is not responsible for, any of the services requested by you in your service request. Your rights under contracts into which you enter with franchisees are governed by the terms of such contracts with the local franchise and by applicable federal, state, provincial and local laws.
Privacy Practices
Release
HANDYMAN CONNECTION is a Franchisor and is not involved in the actual contract between users of the Website, Services or Mobile Apps or in the completion of service. Should you have a dispute with any craftsman, service advisor or franchisee, you must address such dispute with the franchisee directly. YOU HEREBY AGREE TO RELEASE HANDYMAN CONNECTION (AND HANDYMAN CONNECTION’s OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS) FROM ANY DAMAGES OR CLAIMS (INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL AND INCIDENTAL DAMAGES) OF EVERY KIND OR NATURE, SUSPECTED AND UNSUSPECTED, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, AND DISCLOSED OR UNDISCLOSED, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES AND YOUR DEALINGS WITH ANY CRAFTSMAN, SERVICE ADVISORS OR FRANCHISEES.
YOU AGREE NOT TO HOLD HANDYMAN CONNECTION, ITS AFFILIATES, ITS LICENSORS, OR ANY OF SUCH PARTIES’ AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, CORPORATE PARTNERS, OR PARTICIPANTS LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, SUITS, CLAIMS, AND/OR CONTROVERSIES (COLLECTIVELY, “LIABILITIES”) THAT HAVE ARISEN OR MAY ARISE, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, RELATING TO YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR WORK PERFORMED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LIABILITIES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONDUCT, ACT OR OMISSION OF ANY USER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION STALKING, HARASSMENTTHAT IS SEXUAL OR OTHERWISE, ACTS OF PHYSICAL VIOLENCE, AND DESTRUCTION OF PERSONAL PROPERTY), ANY DISPUTE WITH ANY USER, ANY INSTRUCTION, ADVICE, ACT, OR SERVICE PROVIDED BY HANDYMAN CONNECTION OR ITS FRANCHISEES, AFFILIATES OR LICENSORS AND ANY DESTRUCTION OF YOUR INFORMATION.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL HANDYMAN CONNECTION, ITS FRANCHISEES, ITS AFFILIATES, ITS LICENSORS, OR ANY OF SUCH PARTIES’ AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, CORPORATE PARTNERS, OR PARTICIPANTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR WORK PERFORMED, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THE SAME. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IF, NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS, IT IS DETERMINED THAT HANDYMAN CONNECTION OR ITS FRANCHISEES, ITS AFFILIATES, ITS LICENSORS, OR ANY OF SUCH PARTIES’ AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, CORPORATE PARTNERS, OR PARTICIPANTS IS LIABLE FOR DAMAGES, IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE TOTAL FEES PAID BY YOU TO HANDYMAN CONNECTION DURING THE SIX (6) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE TIME SUCH CLAIM AROSE.
Dispute Resolution Assistance
While HANDYMAN CONNECTION cannot guarantee the work performed by a specific craftsman, and while HANDYMAN CONNECTION has no obligation to you with regard to your relationship with a franchisee, service advisor or craftsman, HANDYMAN CONNECTION may try and assist you in resolving any disputes that may arise in the course of a home improvement repair or maintenance project. We may attempt to assist in the negotiations between a franchisee and customer, while respecting the relationships and contracts that may exist between the franchisees and customers. We may, upon your request, provide limited assistance in resolving disputes between you and a franchisee. If you have any disputes with a craftsman or service advisor, you must resolve your dispute with your franchisee. You must participate and use good faith efforts to resolve problems through the resolution process. Such limited assistance in no way nullifies the release and indemnification described in these Terms of Use.
Screening and Disclaimer
HANDYMAN CONNECTION requests that the franchisees do a background check for the craftsman that they send out to estimate and complete jobs. HANDYMAN CONNECTION does not guaranty that all craftsman and/or service advisors have been background checked, nor does HANDYMAN CONNECTION warrant or represent that profile and screening information is up to date. HANDYMAN CONNECTION performs a background check on new franchisees by using a third-party source to conduct a criminal, financial and sex offender search in the state where the franchise candidate is located. Please note that HANDYMAN CONNECTION does not conduct background checks in states that the franchise candidate is not located in. WE PERFORM THE ABOVE SCREENING BASED UPON INFORMATION PROVIDED TO HANDYMAN CONNECTION BY THE INDIVIDUAL, AND WE RELY ON THIRD PARTY DATA FOR THE ACCURACY OF THIS INFORMATION. FRANCHISES DO NOT HAVE ONGOING BACKGROUND CHECKS AND THEREFORE WE RECOMMEND THAT BEFORE YOU WORK WITH A FRANCHISEE THAT YOU VERIFY THE INFORMATION PRESENTED IN THEIR PROFILE IS STILL ACCURATE, CURRENT AND ACCEPTABLE TO YOU.
FRANCHISEES ARE REQUESTED TO PERFORM SCREENING INITIALLY AT THE TIME THE CRAFTSMAN OR SERVICE ADVISOR APPLIES FOR WORK, AND THEREFORE INFORMATION MAY CHANGE OR EXPIRE OVER TIME. THUS, NEITHER HANDYMAN CONNECTION, NOR THE FRANCHISEE CANNOT AND DOES NOT WARRANT OR REPRESENT THAT PROFILE AND SCREENING INFORMATION IS UP TO DATE. HANDYMAN CONNECTION IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE A CRAFTSMAN’S BACKGROUND CHECK INFORMATION. WE RECOMMEND THAT BEFORE WORKING WITH A SERVICE ADVISOR OR CRAFTSMAN THAT YOU VERIFY THAT INFORMATION PRESENTED IN THEIR PROFILE IS STILL ACCURATE, CURRENT AND ACCEPTABLE TO YOU
DISCLAIMER: HANDYMAN CONNECTION EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED RELATING TO THE SCREENING PROCESS, CRITERIA, PROCEDURES, OR INFORMATION OBTAINED OR PRESENTED IN THE SCREENING PROCESS OR DISCLOSURES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, OR THAT THE SCREENING OR VERIFICATION PROCEDURES OR STANDARDS ARE SUFFICIENT OR THAT THE INFORMATION RECEIVED IN THESE SCREENING OR VERIFICATION PROCEDURES IS ACCURATE, TIMELY OR ERROR FREE.
Ratings and Reviews are not endorsed by HANDYMAN CONNECTION
HANDYMAN CONNECTION does not assume responsibility or liability
Terms of Use Revisions
HANDYMAN CONNECTION may, at any time, revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting without prior notice. By using the Website, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then-current Terms of Use to which you are bound. If any future changes to these Terms of Use are unacceptable to you or cause you to no longer be in compliance with these Terms of Use you must terminate, and immediately stop using, the Services. Your continued use of the Services following any revision to these Terms of Use constitutes your complete and irrevocable acceptance of any and all such changes. HANDYMAN CONNECTION may change, modify, suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the Services at any time. HANDYMAN CONNECTION may also impose limits on certain features or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability.
Indemnification
YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS HANDYMAN CONNECTION, AND ITS DIRECTORS, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, INDEPENDEND CONTRACTORS, AND OTHER PARTNERS FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIM, LOSS, EXPENSE OR DEMAND OF LIABILITY, AND COSTS INCURRED, AND HOLD THEM EACH HARMLESS FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OR DEMANDS, INCLUDING ATTORNEY’S FEES, MADE BY ANY THIRD PARTY DUE TO OR ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE HANDYMAN CONNECTION SERVICES, WITH REGARD TO ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND A CRAFTSMAN, SERVICE ADVISOR OR FRANCHISEE, OR YOUR VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS OF USE, OR ARISING FROM YOUR VIOLATION OF ANY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“Personal Information”). In particular, we have collected only the following types of Personal Information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months: names, postal addresses, personal and online identifiers, IP addresses, email addresses, account names, telephone numbers, insurance policy numbers, employment history information, financial information, records of transactions, browsing and search history, and physical locations.
Accordingly, we have collected Personal Information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months from the following categories enumerated by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”):
Types of information in this category as defined by the CCPA.
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
__YES__
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some Personal Information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
__NO__
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
_NO___
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
___NO_
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
___YES_
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
__NO
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Personal Information Does Not Include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
Personal Information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We Obtain Personal Information From The Following Categories of Sources:
Website forms
Phone call data via website tracking lines
Third party texting platform
Social media profiles
Website servicer regarding website traffic
Manual data entered via franchisees regarding customer interactions
Data entered via our customer relationship management software
Third party mobile platform
Sale of Personal Information
We have NOT sold and do not sell Personal Information from any of the CCPA enumerated categories. The CCPA gives residents of the state of California the right to prevent businesses from selling their Personal Information. We do not sell your Personal Information. However, if you would like to record your preference that we do not sell your data in the future, please visit our “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” page.
Disclosure of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
Within the last twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of consumers’ Personal Information to third parties for a business purpose:
Disclosed for a business purpose
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Right to Know
You have the right to know and see what data we have collected about you over the past 12 months, including:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you (and direct our service providers to do the same). There are a number of exceptions, however, that include, but are not limited to, when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the following:
Complete your transaction;
Provide you a good or service;
Perform a contract between us and you;
Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it;
Fix our system in the case of a bug;
Protect the free speech rights of you or other users;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interests that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context which you provided it.
Data Requests
As detailed above, you have the right to: (i) know and see what Personal Information we have collected about you, (ii) know and see what Personal Information we have disclosed to a third party, and (iii) request that we delete such information. If you would like to make any data-related requests, you may do so by calling the toll-free number listed below or by visiting the webpage at the link below and filling out the form provided therein.
844-280-9404
DATA REQUEST FORM
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods and services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your Personal Information’s value and contain written terms that describe the programs material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior op-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
General
HANDYMAN CONNECTION is not an employment service, and does not hire craftsman, nor perform any actual handyman work. HANDYMAN CONNECTION is a Franchisor of handyman businesses, and offers franchises using the business name of HANDYMAN CONNECTION. HANDYMAN CONNECTION does not and will not be liable for any tax or withholding, including but not limited to unemployment insurance, employer’s liability, social security or payroll withholding tax or any local, state, provincial or federal taxes.
The laws of the State of Ohio, excluding the application of its conflicts of law rules, will govern these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. The exclusive jurisdiction for any action arising under these Terms of Use shall be the Courts of Hamilton County, State of Ohio.
Failure by HANDYMAN CONNECTION to enforce any provision(s) of these Terms of Use will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. These Terms of Use and any Terms of Use agreement executed by you constitute the entire agreement between you and HANDYMAN CONNECTION with respect to its subject matter. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will be enforced to the fullest extent possible, and the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Use will inure to the benefit of HANDYMAN CONNECTION, its successors and assigns and licensees. The failure of HANDYMAN CONNECTION to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the HANDYMAN CONNECTION Services or the Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in the Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. These Terms of Use may not be modified or amended other than by an agreement signed by both parties. To the extent any of the above is not fully enforceable for any reason, the remainder shall continue to apply.
Data Requests | Handyman Connection | North America
*
Please explain your request
Pros & Cons of Installing a Walk-In Tub
If you or a family member has mobility issues or is interested in aging in place, a walk-in tub may...
10 Smart Ways to Make a Home Safer for Your Aging Parents
BY CATHERINE HOLECKO - Reader's Digest Just under six percent of American households are multi-generational, with three or more generations living...
Grab Bar | Handyman Connection
Grab Bar Installation
If you live in an assisted living facility or single-family home, a grab bar is one of the best ways to make certain you don’t slip and fall. Not only do they provide safety, but they can also increase your independence. The installation process isn’t difficult, but it does require a skilled craftsman who knows how to install grab bars correctly for maximum safety and security
Look no further than Handyman Connection for all your grab bar requirements. We have been installing grab bars in homes across the United States since 1991.
Contact Handyman Connection
or call
800-88-HANDY
Aging in Place | Handyman Connection
Aging in place
There are several reasons why aging in place makes sense. For example, it reduces the risk of falls and other injuries, improves health, and increases independence. It also saves money by reducing the need for out-of-home care.
The first step toward making your home safer for the elderly is to assess its condition.
Here are some tips on how to create a safe environment for the elderly:
Install grab bars throughout the house.
Make sure that there are no sharp corners or places where someone could trip over something.
Remove clutter from the floor so that people don’t fall when they get up.
Keep stairways clear of obstacles.
Use nightlights in dark areas.
Provide easy-to-use lighting switches.
Make sure there are no loose rugs or carpets.
Put down non-skid mats in high-traffic areas.
If you’re looking for more information on how to keep your home safe for your elderly loved one, contact your local
.
Share:
Categories
Aging In Place
Basement
Gutters
Installations
Uncategorized
FREE Project Consultations & Estimates!
Related Services
If you build it, they'll stay; boomers remodel their homes | Handyman Corporate
Apr. 5, 2017 1:26 PM EDT
NEW YORK (AP) — If you build it, they will stay.
The small businesses that dominate the home remodeling industry are expecting robust growth in the next few years, thanks partly to baby boomers who want to remain in their homes.
Home remodelers say they’ve had a pickup in projects from boomers who are in or approaching retirement and are seeking to modify their houses. It’s a trend known as “aging in place,” an alternative to moving to smaller quarters or a warmer climate.
Many of these homeowners are hoping to make their surroundings easier to manage and safer in case they have health problems.
They’re replacing bathtubs with walk-in showers, installing safety rails, widening doorways and building ramps — features known as “universal design” since they can be used by anyone, regardless of physical ability. Boomers are also redoing their kitchens and sprucing up other areas — since they’re staying put, they want to enjoy their surroundings.
Zach Tyson estimates that 30 to 40 percent of his revenue is now coming from boomer renovations, up from 15 to 20 percent five years ago. Most of the projects come from homeowners who are healthy and mobile now, but want to be prepared if illness or injury hits.
Besides making bathrooms safer, they’re enlarging rooms so wheelchairs or walkers can be used more easily, and also to give the rooms a more open feel.
“It’s trending up, for sure,” says Tyson, co-owner of Tyson Construction in Destrehan, Louisiana.
The oldest of the 76.4 million boomers, the U.S. generation born after World War II, are turning 71 this year. As more of them retire and make decisions about where they want to live, there will be a great need for accessible housing, according to a report released in February by Harvard University’s Joint Center for Housing Studies.
“A large share of these households live in older homes in the Northeast and Midwest, where the housing stocks have few if any universal design features,” the study said.
The report predicts home improvement spending by homeowners 65 and older will account for nearly a third of the total amount of remodeling dollars by 2025, more than twice the portion that group spent in 1995-2005. Owners age 55 and over already account for just over half of all home improvement spending.
“The boomer activity seems to be driving the market,” says Abbe Will, a research analyst at the Harvard center.
That’s a change from the past, when older homeowners generally handled maintenance, repairs and landscaping but tended not to renovate. And some of the boomer-driven remodeling is coming from younger homeowners who expect their parents might later come to live with them and want to be ready, Tyson says.
The requests Tiffany and Bryan Peters get from boomer customers include replacing traditional turning doorknobs with lever handles that can be pushed down. Homeowners want motion-sensor light switches and faucets, and non-slip flooring. In bathrooms, they’re replacing fixtures with models that are designed for people with disabilities — showers than can accommodate wheelchairs, and toilets at the same height as wheelchairs, Tiffany Peters says.
Home remodeling companies began seeing an increase in boomer spending about 18 months ago and expect it to contribute to their growth in the next few years, says Fred Ulreich, CEO of the National Association of the Remodeling Industry, a trade group.
“We see this as something that is dramatically affecting the marketplace,” Ulreich says.
Boomers typically live in homes that are several decades old, prime targets for remodeling, Ulreich says. Unless they move to a brand-new home that’s designed for aging in place, their decision is likely to mean remodeling.
Sal Ferro says boomers are his biggest group of customers, but he’s not getting many requests for aging-in-place projects. It’s more renovations to make their homes more enjoyable.
“They’re finally getting the projects done that they always wanted. They’re getting that kitchen or bathroom,” says Ferro, owner of Alure Home Improvements, based in East Meadow, New York.
Some remodeling companies are specifically marketing to boomers, sending salespeople to trade expos and events those customers are likely to attend.
Miracle Method, a franchise business that refinishes kitchens and bathrooms, has increased its outreach to boomers, says Erin Gilliam, the company’s marketing manager. Franchise owners say much of the 11 percent growth in the franchise’s overall business in the past year was driven by boomers, she says.
Gilliam’s husband, Gabriel, sees the trend in the franchise he owns in Salt Lake City. He estimates that revenue from boomers has risen between 10 and 20 percent, and the growth is prompting him to hire more workers. He has five staffers now, having added one per month the past three months, and expects to reach 10 in the next year.
“I’m hiring as quickly as I can,” he says.
_____
WordPress › Error
There has been a critical error on this website.
Learn more about troubleshooting WordPress.
10 Home Improvement Projects for 2021
Discover the Top 10 Home Improvement Projects for 2021 A few months into the new year, it’s time to begin...
5 Steps for Building a Raised Garden Bed
Welcome to the world of gardening! If you’re looking for an easy way to start your own garden, building a...
Door installation | Handyman Connection
Door installation
Door Installation
When it’s time to install a new door, you want something that is going to make the best use of the space in your home and be aesthetically pleasing. When you choose our team for door installation services, we will show up with all the necessary materials and make sure your home looks its absolute best.
Door Installation Services
We work with a wide range of doors, and we would like nothing more than to help you find the perfect door for your needs. If you need an interior door or exterior door installed, we are here for you! We will take care of every aspect of the process from start to finish so that it is quick and painless.
Jobs We Specialize In:
Installing interior doors
Installing exterior doors
Door replacement
Crown Molding Installation | Handyman Connection
Crown Molding Installation
Is crown molding something you’ve always wanted to install in your home? If yes, then read on to learn more.
Crown molding is a decorative trim piece that runs along the top edge of a wall or ceiling. Crown molding adds beauty and elegance to a room. It also provides a sense of stability and security to the space.
Crown molding installation is a great way to add value to your home. It can transform your living space into a beautiful masterpiece. However, it requires expert hands to do so.
Hiring experienced craftsmen for crown molding installation will ensure that the job gets done right. A good craftsman will have all the necessary tools and equipment to complete the project without any hassle. They will make sure that they finish the work within the agreed time frame.
Storm Door | Pet Door | Handyman Connection
Adding Pet Doors and Storm Doors
Are you considering adding a pet door or a storm door to your home?
Pet owners and those who live in areas that experience severe weather conditions often consider installing pet doors and storm doors in their homes. Pet doors allow pets to move freely between the indoors and outdoors, while storm doors provide protection from strong winds, rain, and other weather hazards.
Adding pet doors and storm doors to your home can be a great way to make your home both comfortable for yourself and safe for your furry friends.
The Benefits of Installing Pet Doors and Storm Doors
Installing pet doors and storm doors in your home can provide several benefits. For pet owners, pet doors allow pets to move freely between the indoors and outdoors without having to be let in or out by someone else. This can be especially helpful for those who work long hours or are away from home often. Additionally, pet doors can help to keep pets safe from potential predators or other dangers that may be lurking outside.
Storm doors, on the other hand, can provide protection from strong winds, rain, and other weather hazards. This can help to keep your home warm and dry during inclement weather conditions. Additionally, storm doors can also help to reduce energy costs by providing an extra layer of insulation for your home.
If you’re interested in adding a pet door or storm door
contact Handyman Connection
to schedule an estimate.
Cabinet Repairs | Handyman Connection
Cabinet Repairs & Replacements
Cabinet repairs and replacements can be expensive and time-consuming. That’s why we’ve compiled a list of tips to help you save money and time – so you don’t have to go through the hassle of doing it all by yourself.
Tips For Saving Time and Money on Cabinet Repair and Replacement
Don’t skimp on quality when it comes to repairing or replacing cabinets. Don’t settle for a cheap-o “kitchen renovation kit”; it won’t work for a woodworking project like this one.
Plan for more time than you think it’ll take to complete the cabinet repair or replacement project. Ask your carpenter how long it will take to complete the job so he can be sure you have enough time between securing the cabinets and completing the project.
Don’t start until you’ve done your homework and picked out all the materials you’re going to need.
fill out a form
Replacement Windows | Handyman
Replacement Windows
Windows are one of the most important elements in your home. They can enhance your home’s value, provide fresh air, and increase the light in your space. The quality of windows you purchase will affect how much they cost and how long they last.
You may be wondering which type of window is right for you. To help you choose, we’ve outlined the main features of each type and the pros and cons of each.
Replacement windows come in a variety of shapes and sizes; we’ll explore the basics of each kind and how to find the right one for you.
Vinyl
Vinyl replacement windows are made from vinyl sheets that are joined together with glues, to form panels. Vinyl is lightweight, flexible, low-maintenance, weatherproof; it doesn’t rot or fade (unless exposed to high heat or heavy rain), it won’t break or shatter like glass, and it doesn’t have a latex or silicone sealer smell.
Aluminum
Aluminum replacement windows are light in weight, aluminum sheets are joined together with glues, to form an assembled frame which is then covered with vinyl. Aluminum has the advantages of being rust-resistant, enduring extreme weather and temperature conditions and easy to maintain.
Double hung
Double-hung windows have two sashes that slide up and down and cover just the upper or just the lower portion of a window opening. Double hung windows need to be installed with tracks that allow both sashes to open fully outward while allowing for maximum ventilation.
Casement
Casement windows are also operated with two sashes that slide up and down but cover the lower portion of the window. Casements are like double hung windows except only one sash opens, while the other remains stationary. Casements are more energy efficient than single-hung windows because they have no central mullions to keep cool air trapped. Instead, both sashes work together with a common frame.
Bay or bow window
Bay or bow windows have one fixed side and one or more movable sides that can be opened outward or inward for ventilation. Bay windows are also often referred to as casement-style windows. Bay windows are very popular because they can be used for either replacement windows or new construction.
Installing windows
Replacing windows
How to Safely Mount a TV: Help Tips from Handyman Connection
With Black Friday fast approaching, maybe you’re starting to think that you really want to enhance the look and feel of your home. Maybe that means getting a new TV. It’s a great way to increase the feeling of comfort inside your home, whether it’s watching an exciting football game or watching a family favorite movie or TV show. Mounting your TV on the wall is a fantastic way to create a sleek, modern look for your living space and enhance your viewing experience. However, it’s essential to approach this task with careful planning and attention to detail to ensure that your TV is securely and aesthetically mounted. Here are some helpful tips to get it right, along with how Handyman Connection can assist you:
1. Choose the Right Location:
2. Use a Stud Finder:
3. Measure and Mark:
4. Conceal Cables:
5. Securely Attach the Mount:
6. Build a Custom Built-In TV Wall:
Custom Home Storage
Conclusion
By following these tips and considering the assistance of Handyman Connection, you can enjoy a perfectly mounted TV that not only enhances your viewing experience but also adds a stylish touch to your living space. Our professionals are ready to help at every step of the process, ensuring a secure and aesthetically pleasing installation.
Contact the Handyman Connection Professionals Today
calling us
Requesting an Estimate
5 Popular Wall Trim Styles to Know | Handyman Corporate
Not only does decorative wall trim do a great job of hiding the juncture where your walls and doors or flooring meet, it’s the perfect touch to provide your room with a finished look. There are quite a few different wall trim styles to choose from, however, which can make deciding which type of trim to use for each specific purpose confusing.
To help make this decision process a little less baffling for you, Handyman Connection is here to share with you some of the most common styles of wall trim and what they’re used for.
Baseboard.
Door casing.
Crown molding.
Chair rail.
Egg-and-dart.
Need Help From a Handyman?
Whether your need for wall trim is functional or decorative, we have craftsmen experienced in interior carpentry work who can install it for you. If you’re asking yourself, “Where can I find carpentry services near me?”, look no further than Handyman Connection. Give us a call today at 1-800-88-HANDY.
Deck Maintenance and Safety Tips
How to Get Your Deck in Prime Shape for Entertaining Deck maintenance can be a daunting task with all the...
Deck Cleaning and Deck Staining Tips
Make your deck look like new with these deck cleaning and staining tips! There’s nothing like reviving your old deck...
Deck Cleaning | Handyman Connection
Deck Cleaning and Staining
Deck Cleaning
Deck cleaning is important because it helps prevent mold growth and keeps insects from breeding. The National Deck Cleaners Association recommends cleaning decks at least once every three months. If you live in a humid climate or near water, you might want to clean your deck more frequently.
Deck Staining
deck stain
Patio Upgrade | Repair Services | Handyman Connection
Explore 5 Reasons to Upgrade
Before spring arrives, it’s time to begin planning what updates you would like around the home. For example, a patio update is a great place to start. Spending more time at home, it’s important to have your patio and backyard ready to go for the summer. Here are 5 reasons to upgrade your patio this spring according to our helpful craftspeople.
5 reasons why and ways you should complete a patio upgrade.
Good Timing
It’s convenient to plan and schedule your patio upgrade in the spring with a professional handyman before the big use in the summer-prep for the busy season. Plan ahead before the busy season and schedule your upgrade ahead of time with a local handyman professional to make sure your project will be completed in time for summer. Working in the spring is a cooler season for your handyman as well.
Entertainment Space
Create a space you will use! After spending a lot of time inside, you will want to create a “staycation” kind of place where you can cook out or relax after the virtual work is done for the day.
Enjoy the Details
Make a livable space. Add patio furniture, an awning, potted plants, a grill, and more to bring your patio to life. The options and furniture are endless.
Patio Upkeep
Complete a patio upgrade for repairs. Overtime, cracks can form, or the patio can become uneven. This can happen if cracks are not sealed from winter and become worse, or tree roots can be causing the damage. In the end, damage can be fixed with a timely upgrade.
Home Value
An amenity like a patio and usable outdoor space adds an attractive value to your home. This detail will add to the value of your home.
With these 5 reasons in mind for a patio upgrade, it’s the perfect time for you to start planning and imagining your new patio today. Begin reaching out to professional handymen for estimates and to start designing your upgrade—you will have a new patio in no time!
Contact Handyman Connection to schedule a no-obligation estimate or to inquire about our patio upgrade services today.
Porch Maintenance | Handyman Connection
How to Maintain and Improve Your Porch with Porch Maintenance Services
The warm weather and the comforts of home can all be found on your porch. These outdoor spaces are great in between the inside and outside of your home. If you have a porch and are looking into how to maintain and improve it, keep on reading to see what you need to know about porch maintenance.
What is a Porch?
A porch is a framed deck on the outside of your home. Porches can be open or screened in, depending on your tastes or needs. A porch allows you to enjoy that outdoor air without the heat of the sun, keeps you out of the weather and rain, and screened in porches will keep the bugs out too. If you are looking into building a porch for the first time, be sure to check with your local building inspections department to obtain a building permit, if needed.
Porch Maintenance and Improvement
To maintain your porch, it is important to keep it out of harm’s way when it comes to inclement weather and the rain. After a rainstorm, make sure there is no standing water, as this can lead to wood rot and moisture seepage or water stains. Just brush the water off once the storm is done.
Improvement for your porch can be projects such as creating a screened in porch or updating the existing amenities from new railing, posts, installing a porch swing, staining, or sealing the flooring, updating flooring, and more. There are many options, and you can complete projects depending on if an update is needed or it you want to create a new look.
There are many customizable options to a porch while updating. It is important to keep up with porch maintenance to keep it in good shape. Enjoy the outdoor spaces of your home with your porch. If you need help, reach out to local craftspeople to update your porch.
contact us
Weekend Upgrade: Repairing Drywall | Handyman Corporate
Small Holes
To repair a small drywall hole, follow these steps.
Use a sharp utility knife to clean up the edges of the hole, cutting at an angle to make the outside of the hole bigger than the inside.
With a putty knife, carefully apply painter’s putty over the hole, pushing it in and then leveling it until it’s flush with the wall’s surface.
Allow the putty to air dry. Once it’s ready, gently sand over the dried putty, then cover it with spackling compound.
When it comes time to paint, don’t forget to prime over any drywall repairs to prevent them from showing through the paint. Alternatively, you could also use a self-priming patching material in place of painter’s putty, which would enable you to skip this step.
Midsize Holes
If you have a doorknob-sized hole from someone slamming a door into the wall, you’re going to need more than a little putty. Stick-on mesh patches work great for repairing holes of this size, and they’re available in several different sizes. Follow these easy steps to apply them.
Clean and sand the surface around the hole until smooth, then wipe off the dust.
Peel off the paper backing and apply the patch to the wall with the mesh facing out, pressing down firmly to adhere it in place.
Cover the patch with several thin layers of joint compound, smoothing out each layer and allowing it to dry between applications.
Lightly sand the surface where the patch is until it’s level with the wall, repeating steps 3 and 4 until you can no longer see the patch.
Large Holes
For a hole that’s fairly large, repairs will require the use of a section of drywall.
Select a piece of drywall that’s the same thickness as the section you’re repairing, then cut out a square that’s a little bit bigger than the hole.
Use a pencil to trace an outline of the patch around the hole.
Check that there are no plumbing or electrical lines where you intend to cut, then cut along the outlined area with a drywall saw.
Attach two wooden boards behind the drywall at the top and bottom of the newly-cut hole, to keep the patch in place as you’re doing the repair.
Screw the drywall patch to the boards, then spread drywall compound over the patch and apply a piece of mesh.
When the compound is dry, sand the repaired area smooth, repeating steps 5 and 6 as necessary until the patch is no longer noticeable.
Need Expert Help for Local Drywall Repair?
What Happens When Drywall Gets Wet (& What to Do About It) | Handyman Corporate
With the heavy, prolonged rains that are occurring in many parts of the country, basement flooding is a more common occurrence. While drywall is made of some pretty sturdy stuff, it can sustain damage when exposed to water for too long. If moisture damage isn’t addressed swiftly, the structural integrity of the drywall becomes compromised, causing it to become soft, weak and susceptible to mold growth.
The amount of damage is directly linked to how long drywall is exposed to water. Depending on how wet it gets, you might still be able to save it. If your basement has been flooded or otherwise damaged by water, follow these steps to determine the extent of the damage.
Test the drywall for moisture.
Check the interior of the wall.
Replace moisture-damaged walls.
Call in the professionals.
Get Help From the Pros
A flooded basement is no joke. Along with drywall handyman services, you’ll likely need help with painting and flooring replacement as well. Fortunately, Handyman Connection can aid you with all of this. For local drywall repair and other handyman services to get your basement back in shape, give us a call at 1-800-88-HANDY.
Need an Electrical Expert? Learn How Handyman Connection Can Help
Whether you need help installing a new kitchen island light or want to finally fix the broken light switch in...
Ceiling Fan Installation | Handyman Connection
Ceiling Fan Installation
A ceiling fan does more than just add a decorative element to a room; it also improves air circulation, which can make heating and cooling more effective and efficient in almost any room of your home. Whether you have high, sloped, or low ceilings, or if you require an integrated light fixture or remote controls, you’re sure to find the perfect ceiling fan for your application.
Adding a Ceiling Fan
Adding a ceiling fan to your home is an excellent way to improve comfort without sacrificing style or convenience. If you already have a light fixture in the location where you want to install a fan, a few upgrades to support the weight of the fan and the installation of appropriate switches is all that is required to make the conversion. If you want to install a fan in a location where there is no existing wiring, the job is a little more complicated, but it is still a routine project for an experienced pro. A licensed electrician is required to install a ceiling fan because new wiring and a switch are required.
Ceiling Fan Replacement
If your ceiling fan needs to be replaced, having a professional install a new model in the same location is a simple task. In most cases, the existing wiring and switch can be reused, allowing you to get your new fan up and running in no time. If replacing a fan necessitates changes or upgrades to wiring, supports, or switches, the job may take a little longer.
Working with your home’s wiring is required whether you’re installing a ceiling fan in a new location or upgrading an existing fan to a new model. A licensed electrician can handle the job safely and will make certain that the power supply, switch, and supports are suitable for your new ceiling fan.
Light Fixture Installation | Handyman Connection
Light Fixture Installation
professional electricians
Light fixtures come in various shapes and sizes. The type of light fixture you choose depends on the size of your room, the number of bulbs required, and other factors. In addition, you should consider the electrical requirements of the light fixture itself. For example, if it is a ceiling fan or chandelier, you will need to make sure that there is enough power supply for its operation.
Under Cabinet Lighting | Handyman Connection
Under Cabinet Lighting
Under cabinet lighting is a great way to brighten up dark areas in your home. There are several lighting options available. Some come with dimmers, while others offer full brightness.
There are also many different styles of lighting available. Some are sleek and modern looking, while others are more traditional. Whatever style you choose, you will be able to enjoy the benefits of having better lighting in your kitchen.
10 Simple Ways to Save on Your Electric Bill | Handyman Corporate
As you watch your electric bill fluctuate month to month, you may wonder if you’re doing everything you can to save on your electric bill. You turn the lights off when you leave the room, but what else can you do? Here are a few simple things you can try to save money on your utilities.
How to Save More on Your Electric Bill This Month
1. Beef up your home’s insulation
Making sure that your home is well insulated is a must. If you are going to use your thermostat, you want to make sure that there aren’t any leaks around your door frames or windows.
2. Invest in a programmable thermostat
Aside from turning on the thermostat when you need it, it’s important to make sure the thermostat can turn itself off. Working with an electrical handyman to install a programmable thermostat can be a great way to save money.
3. Use smart power strips
In lieu of unplugging electronics that aren’t in use, you can invest in a smart power strip. A smart power strip for electronics like your TV will cut off the current to electronics when they’re not in use, saving you money.
4. Make sure appliances are working properly
An outdated washer or broken fridge can cost you hundreds before you even realize it. If you have reason to suspect one of your appliances isn’t working, contact an electrical handyman right away
5. Switch to Energy Star-certified products
Energy Star-certified home products are designed to save energy, which is great for the environment and your wallet. Energy Star’s certified product list includes everything from dishwashers to ceiling fans, but if you’re not in the market for a major appliance buy, swapping your traditional incandescent light bulbs for energy efficient ones is a good place to start.
6. Lower the temperature of your water heater
If you have an electric water heater, you could save money on your electric bill by lowering the temperature. If you’re not willing to take a colder shower in the mornings, then try to take shorter ones to use less of your hot water supply.
7. Fix leaky faucets, showerheads
Speaking of water, fixing leaky faucets, old shower heads and general plumbing issues can also prevent wasteful energy spending.
8. Use your thermostat as a last resort
Instead of turning the heat or air conditioner on, consider what else can you do. If you can open windows during a hot summer or put on a sweater during a chilly evening, you can probably stave off turning on your thermostat. This is tougher to do in the winter, but if your heater is working overtime and your home is still an icebox, a professional handyman may be able to help identify where your warm air is escaping to.
9. Talk to your utility provider
Some utility providers will offer discounts for using electricity during a less-busy time of day or for using energy-efficient light bulbs and appliances. It might be a stretch, but certainly wouldn’t hurt.
10. Do an energy audit
If you don’t have any idea where to start with the suggestions on this list, do an energy audit. Understanding better where your electricity is being used can help you better conserve in the future.
Still Need Help? Call a Professional Electrician
If you find yourself constantly having high electricity bills, consider calling your local electrical handyman to help make sure all of your appliances and wiring are up to snuff.
Mount a TV | Handyman Connection
Football season is around the corner, which means now is a great time to mount a TV for the ultimate game-watching experience for your family and friends.
Here are some tips that will help you when it’s time to mount a TV:
Measure the space where you plan to place your TV. Make sure there’s enough room for the TV stand, cables, and other equipment.
Find out if the wall has any electrical outlets nearby. You can use an extension cord to power your TV.
Determine how high you want to hang your TV. It should be as close to eye level as possible.
Decide whether you want to buy a new TV stand or get one from a store. A good quality stand will last for years.
Consider buying a universal TV bracket so you won’t need to purchase multiple brackets for different TVs.
Use proper tools to mount your TV. Screws and nails are not recommended because they may damage walls.
Be careful while drilling holes in walls. Avoid hitting pipes or wires inside the wall.
Don’t drill too many holes in the wall. Leave at least 2 inches between each hole.
When screwing the TV to the wall, make sure to keep the screws away from electrical outlets.
Keep all cords and wires away from the back of the TV.
Before hanging your TV, check the connections. Turn off the TV and remove the antenna. Then turn on the TV again. If everything works fine, you’re ready to go!
After you mount a TV, test its connection by turning on the TV. If there are no problems, then you’re done!
Clean up the area after mounting your TV. Remove excess screws and glue.
Finally, enjoy watching your favorite team!
All You Need to Know About Privacy Fences
What is a privacy fence? Is it something you should consider installing at home? Privacy fences are often used to...
3 Signs It’s Time to Replace a Wooden Fence | Handyman Corporate
While there are times that a simple repair such as replacing a warped board or damaged fence post are enough to shore up an aging fence, there comes a point that it’s more cost-effective to completely replace the fence with a newer, stronger version. Frequent repairs can add up over time. If you’re not quite sure if this is the year to invest in a new fence, keep an eye out for the following signs that indicate a fence replacement is imminent.
Missing Fence Boards
One or two missing or damaged boards can be replaced easily enough but when there are multiple ones broken or missing, that’s a good sign that a full fence replacement may be necessary. Even the strongest and sturdiest of fences can break down with age, as moisture and temperature changes can cause them to warp, rot, split and crack.
Rotting Boards & Posts
While replacing a couple rotting boards or posts is no big deal, a large number indicates widespread moisture damage and significant deterioration. This is a sign that the structural integrity of the fence has been compromised, which means that it may be best to call on Handyman Connection for fence installation service instead of repairing it board by board and post by post.
Tilting Fence Boards
Over the years, severe weather and extreme swings in temperature can really do a number on your fence. The fence boards, as well as the main structure of the fence, can eventually weaken to the point that the whole installation starts leaning. A few leaning boards can quickly be replaced with new ones, but if some of the posts are tilting and the majority of the fence is leaning, a full replacement is probably your best option.
Trust Handyman Connection for Fencing Services
Whether you require local fence repair for minor damage or a full-blown replacement, the craftsmen at Handyman Connection can help you out. Give us a call today at 1-800-88-HANDY to find out more about our fence replacement services.
Weekend Upgrade: Fence Repair | Handyman Corporate
Loose Fencing
If your fencing seems a little loose, it probably needs additional support. This can be done by adding a third rail between the existing top and bottom rail. You can either attach the new rail to the fence post with #8 deck screws, or toenail it with three-inch galvanized nails. The fence boards should then be fastened to the added rail with the same #8 deck screws.
Damaged Rails
If one of the long horizontal support rails on the back of the fence is damaged, you can reinforce the weakened rail with a sister rail. The amount of damage will determine the appropriate length of the sister rail; if necessary, it can match the length of the original. Clamp the sister rail in place above or below the original, then drill a hole through both boards and secure with ⅜ x 4-inch carriage bolts. The clamps can then be removed.
Rail Replacement
If one of the support rails is rotted through or otherwise damaged beyond repair, it will need to be replaced. To do so, you will first need to remove the attached fence boards by unscrewing them or carefully prying the boards off and removing the nails. Take care not to damage the boards as you do this so they can be reattached later. Next, take off the old rail by removing the hardware or pulling out the nails that are holding it in place, then measure out and cut a new rail to fit in its place. Once that is nailed or screwed down, you can then reattach the fence boards.
Leaning Posts
Repair of posts that are leaning is a little more involved, but still possible to do yourself. First, start by digging around the affected post until you get to the bottom. For a post set in concrete, you’ll have to break up the concrete footing surrounding it with a sledgehammer and chisel. Be sure to wear protective gloves and eyewear when doing this. After the footing is broken up, you’ll need to level the post. This is done by attaching braces to it, plumbing the post with a level, and then screwing the braces to stakes set in the ground. Once it’s secured, check the plumb and adjust the braces as needed. For the final step, fill in around the new post with concrete to form a new footing. Start by mixing a bag of premixed concrete according to the manufacturer’s instructions until it’s similar to the consistency of oatmeal. Then pour it into the hole, making sure to slope the concrete away from the post to aid in drainage. Otherwise, you may have to replace the post again in a couple years due to moisture damage or rot.
Get Help From a Pro
Flooring: What You Should Know About Flooring Services
Completing a home improvement update is exciting work. If you are beginning to look for flooring services to complete that...
Refinishing Hardwood Floors in McKinney, TX | Handyman Corporate
When you take a look at your hardwood floors, you may be wondering what the right steps are to freshen them up. When it comes to refinishing hardwood floors, while the process is pretty straight forward, usually professional help is best. Here’s why.
In order to refinish your hardwood floors, you will need to be able to operate a drum sander in addition to applying stain and lacquer. Are you comfortable operating these tools? If you said no, here are the top reasons you may consider professional help.
Call the Experts When Refinishing Hardwood Floors
You might be sitting here wondering what makes refinishing floors so complex. While buffing out some scratches and applying a top coat may not seem like a major lift, the remaining work can.
Even if you own a drum sander or have stained wood before, your floors are a much larger surface area than that. If this project is done incorrectly it could actually cost your more in the long run. Damages may occur that would not have if it had been done by a professional service.
The Difference Between Major and Minor Repairs
You might not think your living room is that big, but once you begin refinishing the hardwood floors, it may surprise you. While sanding, staining, and finishing might seem pretty easy to do, what happens if accidental or unknown damage occurs? Are you able to remedy the issue on your own? If some planks need to be removed or repaired, a professional can handle it.
Attention to Detail and Experience
Once the floors are prepped and ready, matching the stain and pattern would be the next stage. A professional would have a much easier time trying with sanding patterns and color matching. Why should this be left to a professional? The overall finish and look to the floor is in jeopardy. Is this something you know how to do already? If not, you might want to leave this one to a skilled craftsman who only uses the best tools available.
Full Suite of Services
Why choose to work with professionals? The end result will be beautifully refinished hardwood floors! Refinishing hardwood can be a laborious task and a very messy one at that. If you’ve never been involved in the process, know that dust, dirt and debris can be flying around in the room which requires those in the vicinity to wear a mask.
Leave the Hardwood Refinishing to the Experts!
Work with the expert craftsmen at Handyman Connection today! When you work with our professionals, you know that we have all the right tools to get the job done. View our handyman services to get started, and give us a call for an estimate!
4 Types of Flooring Perfect for Bathrooms & Basements | Handyman Corporate
As beautiful as hardwood floors and carpeting can be, there are some places where they just aren’t an appropriate choice; specifically, in areas prone to moisture, such as the bathroom and basement. Instead, choose one of these water-resistant flooring options that are much more suitable for rooms where moisture is frequently present.
Vinyl flooring.
Stone tile.
Ceramic tile.
Concrete.
Contact Handyman Connection for Professional Flooring Installation
At Handyman Connection, we have a long tradition of exceptional customer service and professional craftsmanship in all that we do, from tile replacement to cracked tile repair to hardwood and carpet installation. To schedule one of these services or some other home repair, contact us at 1-800-88-HANDY.
7 Deck Maintenance Tips
With the temperature warming from spring to summer, we’re moving into the best season for hosting out on the deck....
Weather Stripping | Handyman
Weather Stripping
Weather stripping is a plastic film, typically latex-based, which is installed on windows and doors to prevent air infiltration in the winter. But why stop at the windows? It can also be used to seal openings like chimney flues and garage doors. Installing weather stripping will not only help you protect your belongings from blizzards, but it can also save you a lot of money on heating costs.
If it’s time to install weather stripping on your windows and doors, trust the professionals at Handyman Connection.
Back to School Home Maintenance For Fall l Handyman Connection
Use These Home Maintenance and Safety Tips to Get Your Home Ready for the School Year
As the summer comes to an end, families across the country are preparing for the back-to-school season. Amidst the excitement and preparations, it’s essential not to overlook the safety and security of our homes. Whether you have little ones returning to school or college students moving out for the first time, Handyman Connection is here to ensure your home is safe and secure. In this blog post, we’ll share some valuable home maintenance tips to help you create a safe environment for your family during this busy time.
1. Check Smoke Detectors and Carbon Monoxide Alarms
Your smoke detectors and carbon monoxide alarms are your first line of defense against potential hazards in your home. Before the school year starts, take the time to check that all detectors are functioning correctly. Replace the batteries if needed and test them to ensure they’re in good working order. Handyman Connection’s expert team can assist with installing new detectors or conducting a thorough inspection to ensure your home is protected.
2. Secure Doors and Windows
Properly securing doors and windows is essential to prevent unauthorized entry and ensure your family’s safety. Check all locks and make sure they are functioning correctly. Consider upgrading to smart locks or installing additional security measures for added peace of mind. Handyman Connection’s skilled professionals can help with lock installation and ensure your home’s entry points are secure and reliable.
3. Schedule Electrical Maintenance
Electrical issues can pose serious safety risks if left unaddressed. Before the back-to-school rush, consider scheduling electrical maintenance to inspect wiring, outlets, and electrical panels. Our experienced handymen can identify potential hazards and perform any necessary repairs or upgrades to keep your home’s electrical system in top condition.
4. Childproof Your Home
For families with young children, childproofing is crucial to create a safe environment. Install safety gates at stairways, secure heavy furniture to the walls, and use outlet covers to protect curious little hands. Handyman Connection can help you childproof your home and offer additional safety solutions tailored to your family’s needs.
5. Conduct a Home Inspection
Consider hiring a professional handyman from Handyman Connection to conduct a comprehensive home inspection. An expert eye can identify potential hazards or maintenance needs that may have been overlooked. A thorough inspection ensures that your home is safe, secure, and ready for the school year ahead.
As we gear up for the back-to-school season, prioritizing home safety and maintenance is of utmost importance. With Handyman Connection’s expert guidance and services, you can rest assured that your home is a safe and secure haven for your family. Take the necessary steps now to create a worry-free environment and start the school year off on the right foot.
Contact Handyman Connection Today
Estimate
Ultimate Home Maintenance Checklist | Handyman Connection
At Handyman Connection we want to provide a simple guide that will allow you to check off your to-dos. With our Ultimate Home Maintenance Checklist, there are items categorized for each season, making your home maintenance checklist more manageable.
If you would like help with any home maintenance or home repair project call or text your local Handyman Connection office. Our professional craftsmen are highly trained and can help you shorten your home to-do list, any time of year.
Painting Tips and Tricks From the Pros
These painting tips can help even amateur DIYers achieve professional-quality results! To calculate how much paint you need, multiply the...
Tips for Painting an Accent Wall
If you’ve watched HGTV or kept up with interior design trends over the last few years, you’ve seen accent walls...
Interior Painting | Handyman Connection
Interior painting
1. Preparation Tips for Interior Painting
Before you start painting, it’s important to properly prepare the room. Start by removing all furniture and decorations from the room. Make sure to cover any floors or walls that need protection with plastic sheeting or drop cloths. Use painter’s tape to cover any trim, windows, doors, or other features that you don’t want painted. Remove switch and outlet plates before painting begins. Finally, thoroughly clean the walls to remove any dust or debris.
2. Choosing the Right Paint
When choosing paint for your interior project, you’ll want to consider the finish of the paint. The most commonly used finishes are flat, eggshell, satin and semi-gloss. Flat paints are best for hiding imperfections on walls since they don’t reflect light.
3. Paint Application Tips
Once the surface is prepped, it’s time to start painting! Before you begin, make sure to stir your paint thoroughly. This helps ensure that any settled pigments are evenly distributed throughout the can. When you’re ready to start painting, use a high-quality roller or brush for best results. Rollers provide a smoother finish than brushes and cover more surface area faster. Work in small sections, using a “W” pattern to ensure even coverage.
4. Cleanup Tips
When you’re finished with your interior painting project, you’ll want to make sure to properly clean your tools and supplies. Start by washing any brushes, rollers and trays in warm, soapy water. Allow them to dry before storing away. If you used plastic sheeting or drop cloths to protect floors and walls, be sure to remove them and dispose of them properly.
Following these interior painting tips will help ensure that your project turns out great. Remember to take the time to properly prepare and paint the room for the best results. With a little patience and effort, you can create a beautiful space in no time!
How to Choose Interior Paint Colors
Exterior Painting | Handyman Connection
How to Complete Exterior Painting for Your Home
From the weather, sun, wind, and rain, your home will need a fresh new look every so often. Exterior painting is a great update to any home, and it’s a great way to change your home’s overall look if you are going for a makeover.
Painting Your Home
Painting your home isn’t as simple as buying your favorite color and starting right away. There are a few steps you will need to take first. For example, your home will need to be pressure washed first to make sure it is clean and ready to go.
All loose or flaking paint on your home will need to be scraped and removed to make sure you have an even surface to paint on and that your final look will not be influenced by anything underneath. Primer is the next step to prepare your house’s exterior for the coming paint. This will give long-lasting results.
Painting your home can be challenging depending on the type of home you have. If you live in a one-story ranch, a simple A-frame ladder should be all you need to reach all exterior points of your home. But, if your house is a multi-story building, multi-leveled, and more, you will need some help to complete the project safely and with quality.
Professional Help
Professional craftspeople are a great local resource to help your home improvement projects go smoothly. If you do not have the time or ability to complete a DIY for exterior painting, hiring professionals might be the way to go. A professional painter will be able to prep your home for the painting and complete the project in a convenient window of time, according to your personal schedule, needs, and budget. Call your local craftspeople to schedule an estimate with different companies to meet and discuss what will help you the best.
These tips should help you prepare what you need for your home’s exterior painting. From preparing the home or planning if the project will be DIY or professionally done is a lot to think about. Start planning today and enjoy the end results in no time.
Contact our team
Plumber or Handyman: Who Should I Call?
What can a handyman plumber do for you? While some plumbing jobs and repairs can be a simple fix, others...
Plumbing Water Lines | Handyman Corporate
If you want to switch up your bathroom’s layout but the plumbing isn’t on the side you need it to be, Handyman Connection can assist with moving your plumbing water lines. Not sure where to start? We answered the top three most frequently asked questions in regard to moving plumbing water lines.
Here’s What You Need to Know About Moving Water Lines
Is It Possible to Move Plumbing Water Lines?
Yes! You can move plumbing water lines, but it is best to have a professional service to assist you. Here’s why. Are your plumbing fixtures on a raised foundation? Is so, your plumber will have a much easier time accessing the pipes under the house. However, if fixtures are on a slab it will be far more expensive to do this kind of work. Consider alternatives to accomplish a bathroom remodel without having to move water lines to fixtures like the toilet. Moving fixtures a couple of inches will result in a plumber needing to move the water supply and drainage.
Why Is It Necessary to Move Water Lines?
Water lines should be moved if you plan on majorly rearranging rooms with plumbing in them including bathrooms, laundry rooms, and kitchens. For example, if you plan on moving your toilet to the other end of your master bathroom, you’ll likely need to move, or at least modify, the plumbing water lines in order to do it. However, that can be very expensive, so, if you’re thinking of doing a remodel yourself, you might want to reconsider. Start by getting a quote or an estimate.
Is It Worth Moving Plumbing Lines?
Moving water lines can be a big project and the material costs alone can be expensive. While moving a kitchen or bathroom sink might be the cheapest fixture you can move, it is recommended you keep it on the same wall.
You can still achieve the look you want by compromising in other areas of the room. If you are remodeling your bathroom, a freestanding bath can make the room look larger. If you were thinking about a new shower, a frameless one may help open the room up more rather than moving it completely. Need more ideas?
Ready to Move Your Plumbing Water Lines? Contact Handyman Connection!
Plumbing Professional | Plumbing Services | Handyman Connection
Handyman Connection Plumbing Professionals
Plumbing issues in your home can be serious, so it’s important to call plumbing professionals if you are experiencing a major plumbing problem in your home. However, there are some smaller plumbing repairs that you can probably handle yourself.
Here are some plumbing repairs that you can probably handle on your own:
A Clogged Drain:
If your shower or sink are clogged, usually you can fix this issue on your own. Try using a drain snake to clean out the drain first. Drain snakes are very affordable and help to pull out any stuck hair and other gunk clogging your drain. You could also try using a natural solution to unclog your drain before using harsh chemicals. Baking soda and hot water do wonders. There are many DIY solutions that can help clean out your drains.
A Dripping Faucet:
Luckily, a dripping faucet is usually a fairly easy fix as well and you probably won’t need to call plumbing professionals to fix this. A dripping faucet is incredibly common and has probably already happened once in your home. Usually, all you need to do is change the washer in the faucet itself, with the right household tools you can fix this yourself.
A Running Toilet:
Another common issue is a running toilet. After you flush, does the water continue running? Try removing the tank lid, find the chain and attach it to the lever that is attached to the toilet handle. Most of the time that chain comes unattached and it’s an easy fix to do on your own.
Here are the plumbing repairs that are best left to the plumbing professionals:
Clogged Sewer Lines:
If your sewer line is clogged this can be a huge issue for all the plumbing in your home. It’s important to call the plumbing professionals to take a look at this and repair it, rather than you attempting it on your own.
Sump Pump Problems:
There are many reasons why a sump pump may fail or have problems. It’s common for them to become overwhelmed or clogged. Professionals are the best for handing any repairs to your sump pump because if you aren’t careful messing up your sump pump more could cause larger issues.
Leaky Hot Water Heater:
A leaky hot water heater is a common problem, but a problem that is best left to the plumbing professionals. There could be many different reasons why your water heater is leaking so it’s important to have the professionals evaluate what may be causing the problem and how to fix it.
Plumbing Problems in your Home? Call Handyman Connection.
If you need help with any plumbing problem in your home Handyman Connection is happy to help. Call or text your local Handyman Connection office and one of our skilled craftsmen can address all your plumbing needs. Fill out our quote form here.
5 Tips to Remodeling Your Bathroom on a Budget
Does your heart skip a beat hearing about $20,000 remodeling budget? Despite financial restrictions, do you still want a fresh...
Kitchen Remodeling | Handyman Connection
Kitchen Remodeling
Kitchen remodeling is a great way to improve the look and functionality of your kitchen. Whether you want to update your appliances or add new countertops, you can get started today.
Remodeling your kitchen is a great investment that can increase its value over time. If you plan, you can save thousands of dollars on materials and labor costs.
There are several ways to go about kitchen remodeling. Some homeowners choose to start from scratch, while others prefer to renovate their existing space. Whatever method you decide to take, remember these five things before starting your project.
1. Plan Ahead
If you’re planning to do any major renovations, it’s important to have a clear idea of what you want in your kitchen. You should also know how much money you can spend and whether you need help with financing.
2. Determine Your Goals
Before you begin your renovation, think about why you want to make changes to your kitchen. Do you just want to update your appliances? Or do you want to completely redo your kitchen?
3. Choose an Approach
There are many different approaches you can use when designing your kitchen. For example, if you want to install new cabinets, you could opt for a traditional approach where you remove all the old cabinets and replace them with new ones.
You could also consider a modern approach where you keep the original cabinetry but add new features like glass doors.
4. Consider Your Budget
Once you have a good understanding of what you want to accomplish, you can determine your budget. It may be possible to complete some projects yourself, such as installing new cabinet hardware or replacing light fixtures. However, other tasks will require professional assistance.
5. Hire Professionals
When it comes to completing large-scale home improvement projects, hiring professionals is always recommended. They can provide valuable advice and expertise that you won’t find anywhere else.
Bathroom Remodeling | Handyman Connection
Bathroom Remodeling
Bathrooms are often overlooked when building or renovating a home. They are also one of the most important rooms in your house.
Bathrooms are often neglected because homeowners don’t realize how important they are until they start looking for ways to improve them. If you want to save money and time, consider hiring a professional to complete your bathroom renovation project.
Trust the experienced professionals at Handyman Connection to handle your bathroom remodeling project.
7 Genius Tips for Your Budget Kitchen Remodel | Handyman Corporate
Looking for a big upgrade to your kitchen on a little budget? Though the average kitchen remodel
costs a startling $25,033
, there are ways to achieve the Pinterest-worthy kitchen you’re looking for, for a lot less.
Here are a few simple tips and tricks to help your reinvent your cooking space on limited funds:
7 Smart Tips for Tackling a Kitchen Remodel on a Budget
1. Pick one big, must-have update, and budget around it
Most everyone has at least one must-have item in their dream kitchen. But if yours is eating into your budgeting plans, try to recenter your kitchen remodeling strategy around it – many modern kitchen looks can be achieved for a lot less than you think.
If you are dying for a new set of stainless steel appliances, but don’t have the budget to add a pretty subway tile backsplash behind it, invest in the appliances and try painting or using a tile-mimicking wallpaper to accomplish the sleek, modern look for the time being. Add a few green plants and natural wood decorative accents and you’ll be set.
You can always revisit your updates down the line, while achieving the modern feel you’re looking for right now.
2. Use peel-and-stick backsplashes or wallpaper
If you don’t want to shell out for new paint or real tile, opt for eye-catching
peel-and-stick wall accents
. There are plenty of options available online – some offer the 3D pop of colored or glass tile, while others convincingly mimic the ever-popular farmhouse shiplap look.
These accents are usually extremely easy to install, and with many options available at less than $1.00 per square foot, you’ll be able to give your kitchen a fresh look for less with ease.
3. Swap out light shades instead of entire fixtures
Switching up the shades on your kitchen lighting is a simple but powerful way to change the look of your cooking space. If you’re going for a warmer look, switch stark white shades for yellow or red ones.
For a modern, open feel, ditch the lampshades altogether and opt simply for decorative Edison-style lightbulbs.
Pro-Tip:
When it comes to
kitchen island lights
, it’s important to pick the right size pendants for your island and overall kitchen space. Once you’ve chosen your pendants, you’ll also want to make sure the wire is at the right height for your ceilings – if you need help adjusting this,
call an electrical professional
to have it done properly.
4. Upgrade hardware instead of your entire cabinet
To breath life into your old cabinets, install new hardware with a modern finish instead of replacing them. To make sure you’re buying the right size hardware, unscrew a few of your existing knobs or drawer pulls and take them to the hardware store with you.
Don’t want to buy all new hardware? Spray paint your existing hardware for an affordable yet stylish update (black-painted hardware looks stunning on white-painted cabinets).
While you’ve got your hardware removed, add a coat of paint to your cabinets to freshen them up – this is much cheaper and easier than refinishing or replacing them. Need help?
Call a painting professional
for an expert’s touch.
5. Choose a floating floor to install over your existing one
If your existing floor is level and in good shape, but just doesn’t match your style anymore, opt for floating click-lock flooring to save money on flooring removal.
Several kitchen flooring options can be installed over existing, level surfaces, including laminate or luxury vinyl planks (which are both incredibly budget-friendly flooring materials). These planks are designed to simply sit, or float, on top of the existing surface without the use of adhesives or finishing nails.
Depending on the condition and material of your existing flooring, this may not be an option for all homes –
consult a flooring professional
to help gauge whether this can be done in your kitchen.
6. Opt for battery-powered under-cabinet lighting
Remember
under-cabinet lighting
Ever
The best part is that you can always remove the lights and install fancier, hardwired options down the line.
7. Don’t DIY major installations
Lastly, while it may be tempting to cut corners on flooring, cabinet or countertop installations, DIY-ing this type of work is an easy way to wind up in the red on your remodeling project.
Improperly installing flooring or other kitchen features can result in a damaged subfloor and ruined materials.
meaning you’ll have to pay for
all of your flooring, cabinet or countertop materials all over again
Additionally, there are a number of important housing codes to pay attention to when updating your kitchen.
For example, permanent kitchen islands are usually required to have electrical outlets installed within the island – this is to prevent cords on kitchen appliances from being run across walkways, which can be dangerous if pulled down by a pet or child.
If you violate these codes by DIY-ing an installation, it can make it difficult to sell your home down the line, or worse, put your family in danger.
We cannot stress this enough:
do not DIY major kitchen installations.
You’ll save more money in the long run by hiring a remodeling services professional to do it right the first time.
For help with your kitchen remodel, call the experts at Handyman Connection
While some things can be DIY-ed, being realistic about your handyman skills can be crucial to saving money in the long run. Whether you need help reaching and switching your light shades or want a full flooring installation for your new kitchen, Handyman Connection can help.
With locations across the United States and Canada, we’re your local connection to the top home maintenance, repair and remodeling craftsmen in your area and we’ll help you get the job done right the first time.
Tools for Remodeling Contractors | Handyman Connection
Equipping yourself with the proper tools for remodeling and renovation is essential to make your work more convenient and finish tasks efficiently. However, with the number of various materials and brands in the market, you might not know which are the must-have items from those that could pass as miscellaneous. Make sure that you know about them by reading this article.
Here are the best tools that you should have when remodeling:
Safety Glasses
It is essential to prioritize your safety whenever you are doing some renovations considering the possible incidents. Using gears such as safety glasses would be ideal for protecting your eyes from debris or dust from cutting woods and drywall. Ensure that you’ll find lightweight and comfortable ones that will not cause you any headaches while working.
Lung Protection Masks
There are possible chemicals and drywall particles that you could inhale when working on a construction project. These could cause some harmful effects on your lungs and other body parts in the long run. On small or large demolition and renovation projects, always use some lung protection masks or respirators. Ensure that they have enough filters to avoid any chemical inhalation in the future.
Work gloves
When handling heavy and unpolished woods or materials, use thick work gloves that have leather padding. Make sure that it will fit your hands perfectly to avoid any incidents. A right quality glove will protect your fingers, knuckles, and palms from blunt force and abrasion.
Earmuffs or earplugs
Construction sites experience loud noises due to the power-operated equipment such as drills, shop vacuums, and power saws. To protect your hearing from these, you may want to use comfortable earmuffs or earplugs.
Pry Bars
When working on a renovation project, demolition is one of the phases you need to go through. It means that you’ll have to pry off nails when removing tile or wood floorings. To make things more convenient, use a prybar in this task.
Pliers
You will need to use a plier when working on electrical cables or cutting screws. However, you will meet various types of pliers in the market that you can use for multiple applications. To choose the right one, think about the applications you will work on, and pick out the best one. Some of the standard tools that contractors use are electrician pliers and ironworker’s pliers.
Hammers
There are various types of hammers that your project will require, but you only need to use them for multiple tasks. Make sure that you have a standard claw hammer for knocking small nails. You should also own mini and full-size sledgehammers for stubborn tasks that need extra effort.
Drill Bits
It is essential to have the right sizes of holes for cables, screws, woods, and pipers when working on a construction project. You can make this possible by using various drill bits that you can use for multiple holes.
Saw
When cutting lumbers, steels, metals, and PVC pipes, it is essential to use appropriate saws for a precise finish. If you think that physical strength won’t work, you can use a power saw that comes in various types and sizes of blades.
Screw Gun
Use screw guns when hanging drywall and fastening screws to make your work more convenient. It could be a game-changer instead of manually working on your screws.
Tool Pouch / Fastener Pouch
Having a tool pouch where you can place the essential tools you need for a task can work wonders for you, especially when working in elevated areas. Choose those that you can comfortably wear around your waist and uses durable materials.
Ladders
Ladders are essential when working in elevated areas that need attention. When buying, make sure to choose those that promise safety and prolonged use. There are also expandible ones that will make it more convenient to bring out larger areas or installations such as large walk-through access doors.
Extension Cords
When working on a remodeling project, there will be times that you need to use power tools or special lighting, but there is no place to plug them. Always bring along a 50 ft. or longer extension cords to avoid delays in work. You also have to check if the cable will handle large amperage of the tools you will use.
Markers and measuring tools
Working on remodeling projects without any markers or measuring tools could affect the quality of your work. Use right and pigmented ones that you can quickly notice while working. There are also various types of measuring instruments that you should buy for exceptional quality.
Coveralls
Remodeling or renovation projects will require working in crawl spaces, painting, and applying cement to transfer and stain ordinary clothes. Always use a pair of coveralls when working to avoid wasting away items of clothing. Choose those with thick and comfortable materials to make sure that it will not get in the way.
Shop Vacuum
One way to avoid workplace incidents is to keep it clean after every task you will do. Use a shop vacuum with high power to suck any debris on your electrical boxes, wall cavities, and other areas that simple sweeping could not do.
Make things easier with proper tools!
5 Benefits of Adding a Sliding Barn Door
Clean Out Your Garage with These Tips
The garage is infamous for chaotic storage, creepy bugs, and stuff you forgot even existed, and that’s what can make...
Custom Shelving | Handyman Connection
Designing and Implementing Custom Shelving
Do you need more storage in your home but don’t have the skills to design and create custom shelving yourself? Or perhaps you don’t even know where to start when it comes to selecting the right materials for quality shelving.
Having extra space in your home is an invaluable asset, especially if you live in a small or cluttered area. Designing and creating shelving can free up floor space and provide a place for items that otherwise take up too much room. This makes your life easier and adds value to your property.
Hiring a handyman service can be one of the best investments for designing and creating shelving for your home. It’s important to select the right handyman who is experienced, reliable, knowledgeable, and within budget.
Entryway Organization | Handyman Connection
How often do you forget where you put something important? If you don’t have a good system for keeping track of things, then you might be wasting time looking for them.
Organizing your entryway or mudroom can be challenging. There are lots of ways to organize your stuff, but they all require some sort of system. The problem is that these systems tend to get out of date over time.
Here are four simple steps for entryway organization.
Use labels.
Labels make everything easier to find. You can use sticky notes, magnets, or even colored tape.
Keep it in one place.
When you keep your keys, wallet, phone, and other items in the same spot, it makes it easy to find them when you need them.
Store like with like.
If you have similar items together, you will remember where you stored them more easily. For example, if you have several pairs of shoes, store them together.
Don’t go overboard.
Keep it simple! Too many different types of containers can cause clutter. Instead, choose one container for each type of item.
Home Organization | Handyman Connection
Having a home that is organized can make life easier and more enjoyable. It can help reduce stress, save time, and create a more pleasant living environment. But home organization can be a daunting task. With the right strategies and tools, however, it doesn’t have to be overwhelming. Here are some tips for getting your home organized and keeping it that way.
Establish a System
Establishing a system is key to home organization. Start by deciding what kind of system you want to use. There are many different types of systems, such as color-coding, labeling, and categorizing. Choose one that works best for you and your home. Once you have chosen a system, create labels or tags for each item in your home so that it can be easily identified.
Declutter and Donate
Donating unwanted items
Create Storage Solutions
storage solutions
Utilize Labels and Containers
Utilizing labels and containers is an important part of home organization. Labels can help you easily identify items, while containers can help keep items organized and out of sight. Start by labeling each container or bin with a description of what it contains. This will make it easier to find items when you need them.
Maintain an Organized Home
Maintaining an organized home is just as important as getting it organized in the first place. To keep your home organized, create a cleaning schedule and stick to it. Set aside time each week to tidy up and put things away. Make sure to clean out closets, drawers, and other storage areas regularly so that they don’t become cluttered again.
Handyman Connection of Alpharetta | General Handyman Services | Roswell, GA
(770) 870-5200
Areas Served
Our Gallery
Announcement
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it.
Handyman Connection of Alpharetta, GA
How Can We Help You?
Street Address
City
State
Zip Code
Select Service...
Remodel
Other
Text
I would like to receive notifications via text message.
Comments
Proudly Serving:
Pay Online
We Offer Project Consultations!
home improvement
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Alpharetta area include but are not limited to:
We are looking for experienced professionals to join our local team today!
We are the original- and leading- home improvement specialists in North America
And being your lifetime connection for all your home improvement needs.
600 Houze Way, E5
Roswell, GA 30076
Hello, and welcome to Handyman Connection of Alpharetta, GA.
As North America’s original home improvement specialists, homeowners depend on us to deliver first-class craftsmanship and superior customer service.  Our operators bring years of experience to Handyman Connection. Many have extensive backgrounds in construction, home repair, remodeling and other handyman services. Their goal is for Handyman Connection to provide its customers with excellent workmanship and superior customer service.
Check out our work
Darnell was outstanding and had our deadbolt installed quickly.
Mark Campbell
February 10, 2024
Top notch service and a great value!
This was the fastest easiest thing ever! I inquired about having a deadbolt installed on an interior door on Thursday AM. By 10:30 today it was completed. No muss / No fuss - and Darnell was extremely...
February 9, 2024
Darnell worked thoroughly and efficiently. Job well done!
Derrick Harvery
February 8, 2024
Darnell did an excellent job. I will use Handy Man again
Richard James Lee
February 7, 2024
Darnell was very professional 
Gave him a list- finished everything, made sure I was satisfied ! Did a great job!
Eileen Quinn
February 2, 2024
The handyman was efficient and personable.
Rene Nielsen
January 4, 2024
Friendly staff and promptness.
Robert Williams
November 17, 2023
Check out our latest articles
Handyman Connection Made Franchise Times 2020 Top 200+ List
The Franchise Times Top 200+ is an annual ranking of the 500 largest franchise systems in the United States by global system-wide...
Handyman Connection Recognized As Top Home Repair Company by Qualified Remodeler
Handyman Connection Recognized As Top Home Repair Company by Qualified Remodeler – Leading Home Repair Franchise Ranked Number One for 10th Consecutive...
HANDYMAN CONNECTION OF ALPHARETTA HONORED WITH “BEST OF HOMEADVISOR AWARD” RECOGNITION BY CUSTOMERS
Alpharetta, Georgia (July 10, 2020) — Handyman Connection of Alpharetta, a home repair company, announced today it has earned the “Best of...
Who We Are
Join Our Team
Whether you have home improvement projects or general home maintenance needs, you can count on us to deliver quality workmanship and superior customer service.
Subscribe Today
Stay up to date with the latest home improvement trends.
Request an Estimate | Handyman Connection of Alpharetta | Roswell, GA
5
0%
State *
2
First
Last
Mobile
Business
Notification Preference
3
Select Project Type*
Countertops
Fencing
Handyman
Multiple Trades
Other (not listed)
Siding
Tile
Windows
Share some photos of your project
These will give us a better understanding of your project. We can then make recommendations to you and give you the most accurate quote.
Upload Image
Drop files here or
Select files
Accepted file types: jpg, png, jpeg, Max. file size: 10 MB, Max. files: 1.
4
NOT guaranteed
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
1PM
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
Times Available
Times Unvailable
Selected Times
Best Time
How did you hear about us?
Online
Phone Book
Radio/TV
Magazine/Newspaper
Mail
Referral
Sign
HomeShow
Handyman Connection Called Me
Used Handyman Connection Before
First Name
Last Name
Zip
Project Type:
Project Description:
Preferred Appointment Times:
Where will the work be performed?
Tell us a little about yourself
Describe your project
Preferred appointment times
Review your information
Name
Handyman Connection of Ann Arbor, MI | Top Handyman Services
(734) 205-9000
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Ann Arbor area include but are not limited to:
4343 Concourse Dr, Ste 220
Ann Arbor, MI 48108
Hello, my name is Max McGonegal.
I’m the General Manager in Ann Arbor. Our craftsmen bring years of experience to Handyman Connection. Many have extensive backgrounds in construction, home repair, remodeling and other handyman services. Our goal is for Handyman Connection to provide customers with excellent workmanship and superior customer service.
Brad
Betty Cobb
Excellent craftsman with speed and fair price
Grady Davis
Handyman professional communication. My contractor Ian Breese had a great attitude with an eye for perfection in order to install my beautiful acrylic stair railing. Will hire again.
David King
Great personality with attention to detail
Because Loran took the time to make sure it was right
Tracy Thomas
Scott understood everything that I asked for and did a great job and I would recommend my friends and family. Thank you
Toni Spisak
February 4, 2024
I am working on a payments
Michael Engle
February 1, 2024
Donate to a Local Charity for a Chance to Win a Free Handyman for a Day
"Chance to Win Handyman Services by Supporting Local Charities" Drawing for a "Free Handyman for a Day" on April 4th. (Labor...
Basement Remodel with Fireplace and Bar
New project completed by Handyman Connection of Ann Arbor. A complete basement remodel with added bar area creative fireplace and...
License #2102213140
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Ann Arbor, MI
Handyman | Austin, TX | Handyman Connection
(512) 418-0800
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Austin Westlake area include but are not limited to:
Handyman Connection of Austin
5450 Bee Cave Rd Suite 5C
Austin, TX 78746
Rene Salazar
I am a native Texan, a UT grad, and my family and I have lived in Austin for over 20 years. We love cars, sports, the outdoors, home renovations and handyman work of course. I don’t throw things away because I can probably fix them. Twenty years ago we bought a house that was built in 1955 and have turned it into our dream home with the help of Handyman Connection.
Friendly, helpful person came on time and fixed my problem.
Karel Riley
Very courteous
Nancy Kwallek
Rene, Frank, Miguel and the entire team made our bathroom reno and easy and clean job. We have been looking for a quality team to come in and bust out a quick project; however, often a lot of places w...
Kennon Kasischke
February 6, 2024
Job done right. Good cleanup. Fair price. Excellent communication
Vikki Harper
January 29, 2024
Rene Salazar showed up to inspect what needed to be done and was understanding of what I needed. He provided a quote pretty quickly. When I contacted Rene, several months later, he remembered me and s...
Cynthia Trux
January 19, 2024
Ethan was a pleasure to work with and he did a fabulous job.
Chad did a great job of fixing some door jam issues and securing a storm door for us. He was friendly, courteous and professional. I would definitely recommend him for those types on projects.
James Anderson
January 18, 2024
Work is excellent, always on time, efficient and cleanup is always good.
Fran Velasco
January 16, 2024
Deck Waterproofing
If your deck is starting to look worn or faded, and water soaks into it rather than beading up on...
4 Easy Ways to Upgrade Your Home on a Budget
Looking for a way to make a big change to your home's appearance without breaking the bank? Look no further...
Handyman Connection | COVID-19 Response
March 23, 2020 — Austin, TX —The team at Handyman Connection in Austin, Texas has been monitoring the ongoing situation...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Austin-Westlake | Austin, TX
Handyman Connection of Blue Ash, OH | Reliable Handyman Services
(513) 771-3950
We are excited to announce that a long time Master Craftsman of our business is now the proud new owner; please join us in congratulating Earl Swader as the new owner of Handyman Connection of Blue Ash.  Earl has previous business ownership already under his belt and is looking forward to continuing to serve the Blue Ash community as the proud owner.
Most of the Greater Cincinnati Area including but not limited to: Blue Ash, Cincinnati, Franklin, Lebanon, Maineville, Oregonia, South Lebanon, Springboro, Waynesville, Blanchester, Camp Dennison, Clarksville, Fayetteville, Goshen, Loveland, Midland, Morrow, Pleasant Plain, Sabina, New Vienna, Martinsville, Lynchburg, Wilmington.
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Blue Ash area include but are not limited to:
We take pride in our our work
11115 Kenwood Rd.
Hello, my name is Earl Swader.
Our craftsmen bring years of experience to Handyman Connection. Many have extensive backgrounds in construction, home repair, remodeling and other handyman services. Our goal at Handyman Connection is to provide our customers in the greater Cincinnati area with the highest level of quality work and service possible.
Anthony Lee was quick and efficient, completing both tasks to our satisfaction in 1 hour. He was polite, and worked hard to figure out solutions to our household problems. We truly appreciated his exp...
John Corker
Earl was very helpful in evaluating and quoting all of our many household fix-it needs
I left a google review, and Anthony Lee did a great job.  Effective and efficient
I had a job to redo the basement that flooded and had since become not a room. Anthony Lee helped with the upgrading of the electrical panel and was quick/efficient in replacing the new panel. Bryan K...
Michael King
Anthony did a great job. Very efficient.
Donald Bohl
January 27, 2024
Anthony Lee did an amazing job. He was quick and he knows what he is doing
Lonnie Phelps
January 23, 2024
Quality work, reasonably priced, quick to come over to do the work. Awesome company
Alyssa Smith
January 22, 2024
Sean did a great job at a reasonable price.  He was professional, polite, and left the area extremely clean.
Lynn Heinbach
January 20, 2024
5 Tips to Manage Moisture in Your Home
Your home is not just a physical structure but a space where comfort should be a constant and health a...
Commercial Roof Inspections: Indianapolis Building Owner’s Guide
If you own an office building or warehouse in the Indianapolis area, you know that your tenants can get upset...
Taking Care of Your Roof:  What Steps to Consider
The roof of a home acts as the first line of defense against the elements, playing an integral role in...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Blue Ash, OH
Handyman in Boise, ID | Handyman Connection
(208) 901-3999
Tile Repair
Bathroom Remodel
Boise
Meridian
Eagle
Nampa
Caldwell
Garden City
Star
Kuna
Middleton
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it.
Handyman Connection of Boise, ID
How Can a Handyman Help You in the Boise, ID Area?
Call Us
handyman
And being your lifetime connection for all your home improvement and repair needs.
211 E Pine Ave Suite 105
Meridian, ID 83642
Chris and Gina Nordsieck
Our handymen have the knowledge and home repair skills that come only through years of experience. Our team is comprised of independent craftsmen because that lets us offer you a wider variety of true craftsmen with real experience (minimum ten years in their trade) instead of someone who is learning at your expense. As the owner, I am accountable for your satisfaction and will manage and own your job from start to finish. Each individual must pass both a thorough background check and a personal, in-person interview with us before they can even start the process of becoming one of our craftsmen.
Very helpful and knowledgeable and reliable!
A B
Easy access and very helpful
Aruna Bhatia
Lowest cost, prompt service, quality work! Will definitely use their services again!
Scott Hughes
Lowest cost, prompt friendly service, quality work.
We had a dated in-ceiling florescent light fixture that had broken. They did a deep dive and found us a replacement that was a match to the others in the same room.  They go above and beyond to do the...
Sally Jepson
While it took time longer than planned due to ordering parts and out of office time of HQ, I was satisfied with the completion and courtesy of handy man and cs. Also, appreciate 1 yr warranty.
Judy Scott
Lynn from Handyman was professional and did a great job. We recently moved and they have performed repairs at both our old house and new one.
Barb G
He did a great job. I wasn't home to interact with him but it sounds like he was very pleasant.
Barbara Gunning
How to Regrout Tile
Tips on How to Regrout Tile for Your Boise Area Home How should you best re-grout tiles? That depends on...
How to Choose an Exterior Paint Color
Learn How to Choose an Exterior Paint Color in Boise, ID & Surrounding Areas Repainting your home's exterior is a...
How to Restore an Old Deck with Deck Repair Solutions in Boise and the Surrounding Area
Deck repair is a great way to bring your old deck back to life, just in time for this summer...
License #RCE-43081
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Boise | Garden City, ID
Professional Home Maintenance | Handyman Connection of Brantford
519-752-7774
Deck Repair
Maintenance and Installation
Brantford, ON
Paris, ON
St. George, ON
Handyman Connection in Brantford
Province
Yukon Territory
Provence
Postal Code
Steve Donnelle
Handyman Connection has a long history operating in Brantford. It’s a family-run business, having been passed down from the father of the current owner, Steve Donnelle, along with the Handyman Connection location in Kitchener. In fact, Steve grew up in Kitchener and now resides in nearby Guelph with his partner, Tracy, and his 15 year old son. A dedicated member of the community, Steve has served as a local hockey coach, where he’s focused on teaching teamwork, leadership, and sportsmanship.
These qualities he shares with his team are reflected in his work with the local Brantford Handyman Connection, as well. Steve truly believes that a job isn’t worth doing unless it’s done the right way and with the right people. His team of experienced, trained craftsmen work together to tackle any small to medium home repair jobs that local residents need, and the project isn’t complete until the customer is fully satisfied with the work.
By focusing on quality work and customer satisfaction, the team can tackle jobs that other contractors avoid. That’s because Steve takes real joy in being part of something bigger. The name Handyman Connection doesn’t just represent the services they offer but speaks to the feeling of connection within the local community. It’s a great town deserving of quality and personable handyman services, and this team fully understands this responsibility.
The Beautiful City of Brantford
The history of Brantford is one that is easy for other cities to be jealous of. It serves as the home of indigenous people, some of whom still reside nearby. It also provided a home to the legendary inventor Alexander Graham Bell, whose original telephone has since transformed into the cellular devices that populate our pockets and purses.
Of course, it would be almost sacrilegious to omit mention of perhaps the most famous modern day Canadian: Wayne Gretzky. The town hosts the annual Wayne Gretzky International Hockey Tournament and Street Hockey Tournament. Hockey, a passion of owner Steve, is truly at home here in Brantford.
However, the city isn’t just its history. It's home to wonderful, kind residents who live in every type of housing imaginable, from single family homes to condos and townhomes, and work in local businesses. It’s helping these homes and local businesses from which Handyman Connection derives true joy.
How Our Expert Craftsmen Can Help
Handyman Connection specializes in a variety of renovation, maintenance, and repair services for homes and businesses. Our team of skilled and experienced craftsmen can take on your carpentry needs. We can install or repair doors, cabinetry, and, and do it all with your needs in mind.
Call Us Today For a Quote
Brantford, ON N3R 7X3
Our operators bring years of experience to Handyman Connection. Many have extensive backgrounds in construction, home repair, remodeling and other handyman services. Their goal is for Handyman Connection to provide its customers with excellent workmanship and superior customer service.
The person that came to our house was polite and explained everything that he would be doing. We had another quote which  was less money!
Trudy Leitch
September 9, 2023
Gentleman did an excellent job on Quote 
Just not doing the project right now
Griff & Wilma MacDonald
September 1, 2023
Had my kitchen floor regrouted, which turned out good but, there was a film of grout left all over the tiles that wasn’t cleaned off.  So called Handyman Connection to complain & sent someone back t...
Diana Holk
August 10, 2023
The service I received was professional, timely, prompt and effective. I was also provided with feedback regarding several questions I had regarding other projects I have planned for the future. This...
Leanne Taylor
June 22, 2023
Installation went smoothly 
Christian vey efficient and reliable
Walter Elson
June 17, 2023
He did a great job and I was very satisfied with his work.
Mary Burch Vanderber
March 23, 2023
There are lots of recommendations online but not all are legitimate, I will say it's the grace of God I was able to come across MRS KAYLA WILLIAMS. My life has changed for good, at first I only invest...
Andrew Nelly Mseleku
January 8, 2023
Very professional and efficient !
Jaclyn Gottzmann
November 29, 2022
Routine Home Maintenance- How a Handyman in Brantford Saves You Time and Stress
Imagine freeing up your busy schedule, bidding farewell to the drudgery of routine home maintenance, and welcoming peace in your...
How a Handyman in Brantford Can Help With Fence Cleaning and Staining
Picture this: your beautifully crafted fence, the gem of your property, has taken quite a hit after the harsh winter....
Why Choose Professional Carpentry Services in Brantford: The Benefits Explained
Is your home feeling a bit worn out and in need of a little rejuvenation or even a complete makeover?...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Brantford
Province *
Handyman in Brighton and Broomfield, CO | Handyman Connection
720-457-9800
Brighton
Aurora
Commerce City
Thornton
North Washington
Welby
Northglenn
Lochbuie
Broomfield
Todd Creek
Frederick
Dacono
Denver
Lafayette
Erie
Reunion
Louisville
Gallery
Handyman Connection in Brighton, CO
How Handyman Connection of Brighton, CO can serve you?
Areas Served by
Handyman Connection of Brighton, CO:
Brighton, Aurora, Commerce City, Thornton, Welby, North Washington, North Glenn, Denver, Dacono, Frederick, Todd Creek, Broomfield, Lochbuie
Call Us Today for an Estimate
1401 E Bridge St Ste 106
Brighton, CO 80601
Shane & Cynthia Cowan
Handyman Connection makes it simple for you to make your home everything you want it to be. We are a team of skilled craftspeople and professional office staff proudly serving customers in Brighton and surrounding areas.
Stephanie Takamatsu
Most competitive bid, great communication, and awesome work. David did a great job on the bathroom, stairs and Kitchen!
Jason Merryman
Handyman Connection was top tier in response time, coordination and overall quality customer service and support. Cynthia was very responsive and helpful. Shane was waiting at my house when I arrived...
Dan Callahan
We had a mess of a back door that needed to be replaced, reframed, and then some! Shane was excellent beginning with the estimate through completion of the project! He provided us with ideas of the be...
Monika Schoenbeck
Shane listens to the need, creates a plan to address, and then executes on it.  We will be calling soon for other needs.
Joseph Schoenbeck
Shane is excellent. Listens and adapts to the situation with what the customer wants. Very professional and caring.
Matt Gibson
Shane is excellent.  Very in tune to listening in what the customers needs and wants are .
Robert Wuertz
What is a Garden Box and How to Build One with For Your Yard
If you are looking to add a garden to your yard, it is a lot of work when it comes...
Handyman | Handyman Connection of %CITY%, %ST%
Professional Handyman Services | Handyman Connection Calgary
403-735-3257
Airdrie
Bragg Creek
Chestermere
Cochrane
Country Hills
Edgemont
Langdon
Northeast Calgary
Northwest Calgary
Okotoks
Signal Hill
Silver Springs
Southeast Calgary
Southwest Calgary
Strathmore
Valley Ridge
Handyman Connection in Calgary
Alex & Christina
Why We Love Our City
Our Expert Services
Start Your Next Project With Handyman Connection
206 2915 21 St NE
Calgary, AB T2E 7T1
Alex Campbell
For every Home Maintenance need that may arise, Handyman Connection Calgary is committed to providing you with dependable and skilled Handymen, great customer service, and first class workmanship. Just one call or click brings our expertise right to your door. Handyman Connection Calgary can help turn your “to-do” list into “done.”
Home repairs, renovations and remodeling are what we get excited about. Handyman Connection Calgary is your single solution for that list of home maintenance and home improvement that seems to grow longer every day. Whether you need something installed, built, fixed or maintained, we are your reliable and trusted partner for all your home repair, renovating and remodeling needs. Your home needs expertise and we have the experts at Handyman Connection of Calgary.
At Handyman Connection of Calgary, our mission is the same as yours — making your home a great place to live. Handyman Connection is one of North America’s original home maintenance specialists. You can rest easy knowing your home repair, renovating or remodeling job is in experienced hands. We’re not just proud of our workmanship — we guarantee it.
Vikus!
Gail Moore
Mike exceeded my expectations as he was professional, efficient and highly skilled in completing my cabinetry repairs. He suggested options and together we agreed on the best solutions. I will definit...
See my online review Already done
Nicole Wainwright
Hello

Thank you very much for sending David Harrison to my home to hang my pictures. I have had David do other work for me and David always provides exceptional good service. David is always kind,...
Cheryl Kassai
February 11, 2024
High quality work on a timely basis
Elaine Schiman
He was very friendly and very knowledgeable Not today, thanks
Cheryl Galloway
The gentleman that showed up was knowledgeable, showed up on time, and was very polite and efficient in fixing the issue in my home.
Kevin Bresnahan
Very happy with the installation of a new toilet.
Robert, who did the installation was great with finding the right size toilet to fit under the banjo top in the washroom, and he did a thorough job w...
Tess Gill
Handyman in Calgary: Solutions for Warped or Split Fence Boards
Your fence is not just a boundary marker; it's also a feature that adds beauty and value to your home. However, due...
Handyman in Calgary to the Rescue: Fixing Squeaky Doors and Loose Hinges
Ever notice the eerie creak of a door as you open it or find yourself struggling with unstable door hinges?...
Calgary Handyman: Seamless Drywall Installation and Repair
When it comes to your home, it's important to make sure everything is in top shape. Your walls are no...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Calgary
Handyman in Canton, North Canton, and Massillon, OH | Handyman Connection
(234) 360-1100
Alliance
Canton
Massillon
North Canton
We are looking for professional craftsmen to join our local team today!
Stay Busy Doing Work you Love
Handyman Connection in Canton, OH
What Services Do You Need in the Canton, North Canton, and Massillon, OH Area?
Proudly Serving the Following Locations With Our Services:
Pay Now
1515 Portage St NW Suite E
North Canton, OH 44720
Vince Heslop,
Approaching their third year in business, Vince and his team have established Handyman Connection of Canton as THE FIRST CHOICE for homeowners, property managers, and small commercial businesses seeking quality craftsmanship and value with exceptional customer service in the Canton and surrounding area. Handyman Connection of Canton has already gained a loyal following of customers, as demonstrated by popular online reviews on Google, Angi, and social media.  Let Vince, Sherry (Customer Service Representative), and his team of craftsmen create a life-long relationship with you to help make your house your forever home. Contact them TODAY to get your next project started!
Clark was professional and polite, explained what he was going to do and when finished walked me through the completed project! I'm not on social media so I can't do it! Bob
Bob Ferne
Great work done by a good person
David Ramsey
Always have a great experience! Helpful people and great service.
Ambritt Green
February 3, 2024
Clark did a good job and was done quickly. He was friendly and professional.
Cinda O'Shaughnessy
Friendly efficient worker.
Great work at a reasonable rate. Jeff was awesome. He came in was friendly and nice to talk to. I had I think 7 or 8 different things needing done and he did them all, he is very knowledgeable. The re...
lori baker
December 29, 2023
Clark did a great job on our drywall repairs.  He was friendly, professional, and cleaned up any mess.  Would gladly recommend him.
Mary Sams
December 15, 2023
Jeff did great job
Bob Cora
December 10, 2023
5 Ways to Add Curb Appeal
Add Curb Appeal to Your North Canton Area Home The appearance of a property or building is referred to as...
Organize Your Garage in the North Canton Area
Your garage isn’t just a place to park your car. If you have only one car, then it’s likely that...
Learn How to Choose an Exterior Paint Color in North Canton, OH & Surrounding Areas Repainting the exterior of your...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Canton | North Canton, OH
Handyman in Canyon Rim, UT l Handyman Connection
801-509-5005
Handyman Connection in Canyon Rim, UT
How Can We Help You In the Canyon Rim, UT, Area?
Call Today
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Canyon Rim area include but are not limited to:
Handyman Connection of Salt Lake City
1414 East 4500 South, Suite 4D
Salt Lake City, UT 84117
Dylan Brog
Handyman Connection makes it simple for you to make your home everything you want it to be with our handyman services. We are a team of skilled craftspeople and professional office staff proudly serving customers in Canyon Rim, UT, and the surrounding areas.
Handyman in Carmel, IN | Handyman Connection
(317) 487-1312
Avon
Broad Ripple
Brownsburg
Carmel
Castleton
Eagle Creek
Fishers
Greenwood
Indianapolis
Noblesville
Westfield
Zionsville
Handyman Connection in Carmel, IN
How Can We Help You in the Carmel, IN Area With Our Handyman Services?
We Provide Handyman Services to the Following Areas:
–
We are looking for experienced handyman professionals to join our local team today!
We are the original- and leading- home improvement handyman specialists in North America
5610 Crawfordsville Rd Suite 2301
Indianapolis, IN 46224
Craig Aspin
Handyman Connection has been servicing customers in the Indianapolis and surrounding areas for over 25 years. We are proud to be a household name in this city. We’ve built our reputation on providing exceptional Customer Service. This means what our customers say about us is much more important than what we say about ourselves.
Handyman Connection is an insured and bonded general contractor, and we service over 2,000 customers annually. We have always maintained an A+ rating with the BBB and have received many Gold Star and Complaint Free awards from them. We maintain a high rating with Angie’s List as well.
We are much more than your local Handyman and we strive to be your lifetime go to company for all of your home improvement needs.
Please contact Handyman Connection for your next home improvement need. We appreciate you!
The handyman was pleasant, courteous.  He explained the process of everything.
Georgia Brooks
The person who came was very helpyful in sdrreding all my concerns and finding a reasonable and aforable   way
Clara Otero
My first contact was with Lori in the office, and she was so helpful and great to work with!
Then Anthony promptly came out to give a quote on our project, and he was very thorough and offered many gr...
Julie Patterson
Scott Smith was excellent...
Punctual, efficient and respectful. He did a great job. This is the extent of my review and will not continue on the website.
Thank you!
Sonia Rodriguez
January 25, 2024
The young man who came to give an estimate was very impressive, very professional. I do intend to use your services in the future Scott
Elizabeth Elsener
Go with James. He the man.
Mark priddis
He took his Time. An he came to do a Job that turned out well. Thanks again
Rodney Roberson
James, the contractor you hooked me up with, has been completely knowledgeable beyond my expectations. Easy to work with.
Mark Priddis
9 Steps for Hanging Shelves
Handyman Connection of Carmel Provides Steps for Hanging Shelves Hanging shelves is a simple activity, but you must take the...
Learn How to Choose an Exterior Paint Color in Indianapolis, IN & Surrounding Areas Repainting the exterior of your home...
How to Restore an Old Deck with Deck Repair Solutions in Indianapolis and the Surrounding Area
License #C8381000
Handyman Connection of Carmel Offers A Free Estimate
Handyman in Cedar Park, TX | Handyman Connection
512-690-0505
Austin
Cedar Park
Georgetown
Lago Vista
Leander
Liberty Hill
Marble Falls
Call Center
Become a Craftsman
Request an Estimate
Handyman Connection of Cedar Park, TX
Live in Cedar Park, TX or Nearby? Try Handyman Connection
Proudly Serving the Following Locations With Our Handyman Services:
Round Rock
and Nearby Areas
(512) 690-0505
2407 S Bagdad Rd Suite A
Leander, TX 78641
Hello, my name is Calvin.
Handyman Connection makes it simple for you to make your home everything you want it to be. We are a team of skilled craftspeople and professional office staff proudly serving customers in Cedar Park, Leander, and surrounding areas. Also, a proud Member of Cedar park Chamber of Commerce and Member of Leander Chamber of Commerce.
Mr. Mills was very thorough. He did exactly what we asked for.👍
Aura Henriquez
Quality of work
Terrilynn Hopps
February 5, 2024
I really liked Mr Peterson - he did a great job and I got a tiling lesson from him 😊
Helen Douglas
Justyn was friendly and helpful
Paul Fisch
January 30, 2024
I had a pocket door that was not closing evenly at the bottom and required adjustment.  This turned out to be a rather complex problem as it is a heavy insulated pocket door and required that several...
Herb Rosencrans
I had a pocket door that was not closing evenly at the bottom and required adjustment. The bottom of the door stood off about 1 1/2 inches from closing. This turned out to be a rather complex problem...
AFColonel1
January 26, 2024
Burt - great attitude, very knowledgeable
Charles Bassett
January 8, 2024
Okay 👍 Bert was a pleasure to have. His work was top shelf. 👍
Fran Edwards
Add Curb Appeal to Your Cedar Park Area Home Curb appeal refers to the appearance of a property or building....
5 Pressure Washing Tips
It’s that time of year to get your exterior home projects done before the heat of summer sets in. Give...
Beneficial Upkeep and How to Take Care of Wood Rot and Dry Rot in Cedar Park, TX & Surrounding Areas
Dry rot and wood rot can be a great risk to your home if left untreated and unrealized. Every year you...
Handyman | Handyman Connection of Cedar Park, CO
Handyman in Chesterfield, MO | Handyman Connection
(636) 305-7300
Handyman Connection Chesterfield
Proudly Serving
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Chesterfield area include but are not limited to:
691 Trade Center Blvd., Suite F
Chesterfield, MO 63005
Brian Snider
Since June of 2002, Handyman Connection has been making repairs and improvements to homes throughout the St. Louis Metro area. The office in St. Louis is staffed with two Customer Service Representatives who schedule 20 multi-skilled Craftsmen based on the location of the job, the type of work required and the availability of Craftsmen.
Our Awards
Thank you!
Jeff Cole
October 2, 2023
Great job and I love the results. Only thing was the time frame from the bid and getting it done. It seems companies are having more work than workers
Deann Mercer
September 20, 2023
Brian was great, a true professional.  He was knowledgeable, efficient and helpful recommending and supplying additional products to complete our project with a beautiful result.  Will definitely be u...
Tracy Ritter
September 19, 2023
Brian came out and installed the GFI switch that I needed  for the new dishwasher as well as fixing another outlet in the kitchen.  Was professional and timely.  Thanks so much!
Nancy Breckenkamp
September 18, 2023
Handyman Connection helped me avoid the headaches of other options. They answered the phone, they were prompt in visiting for a bid and providing a bid. The work was scheduled in a reasonable amount o...
Katie Metzinger
September 17, 2023
The handyman Steven Barr and his coworker were great.  They were efficient and did a great job and completed all the tasks in a timely manner.  Handyman Connection also charged a very reasonable amoun...
Loriane Parker
September 12, 2023
Steve did a great and thorough repair on the front of my home and it looks better than when it was new 20 years ago!
Jim Bright
September 11, 2023
Clint did a prefect job caulking my master bath shower.
Barbara Niedner
Types of Home Gutters
Your home gutters keep your house safe from leaks of backed up water and more. You will want the gutters...
5 Home Improvement Mistakes to Avoid
Professional Tips on 5 Home Improvement Mistakes to Avoid in Chesterfield, MO & Surrounding Areas It’s time to start planning...
Small Bathroom Storage Ideas
Reliable Small Bathroom Storage Ideas for Your Next Bathroom Renovation in Chesterfield, MO & Surrounding Areas A small bathroom can...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Chesterfield | St. Louis, MO
Handyman in Colorado Springs, CO | Handyman Connection
(719) 884-2639
Colorado Springs
Falcon
Fountain
Manitou Springs
Monument
Peyton
Security-Widefield
A Plumbing offer you cannot refuse!
$100 in savings!
View Plumbing Offer
40-Point Home Inspection Special for $39!
View Home Inspection Offer
What does the Home Inspection Include?
View Home Inspection Details
Handyman Connection in Colorado Springs, CO
How Can We Help You in the Colorado Springs, CO Area?
1923 W Colorado Ave
Colorado Springs, CO 80904
Shaun McCarthy
Handyman Connection makes it simple for you to make your home everything you want it to be. We are a team of skilled craftspeople and professional office staff proudly serving customers in the Colorado Springs and surrounding areas for over 20 years.
When to Call the Pros
Read the full scoop
ALWAYS GOOD SERVICE.  JULIAN DID A GREAT JOB
Margaret (Peggy) Werker
Bryan was courteous and professional.
Mary Woodard
Quality of work. Help!  Maggie passed off.  Leaving.  Not coming back!!!!! Oops!  Sorry.
Nola Reimer
Quick service , knowledgeable tech
James Summerville
Prompt, professional, cleaned up. Did a great job and friendly to work with. I am unable to use the link   If you wish further information please send email. Thanks.
Laura Whitmore
The handyman/electrician was very knowledgeable and professional, and he did a great job. He provided information on the job and the work he was doing, which I appreciated.
Deb Mosley
Paul Aragon came to our home yesterday to fix a leak in our shower. He fixed the leak efficiently and did an excellent job. We have used Handyman Connection over the years for many jobs, big and small...
How to Take Care of Wood Rot and Dry Rot
Learn from the Professionals: How to Take Care of Wood Rot and Dry Rot in Colorado Springs & Surrounding Areas...
How to Restore an Old Deck
Deck repair is a great way to bring your old deck back to life, just in time for this summer season...
Create an Outdoor Bar for Your Colorado Springs Area Home
If you are looking for ways to improve your backyard, you can create the best outdoor space to enjoy those...
ROC 272035, ROC 310792, ROC 321063
Pinterest
Request an Estimate | Handyman Connection of Colorado Springs
Handyman in Moon Township and Coraopolis, PA l Handyman Connection
412-453-8465
Carnegie
Coraopolis
Imperial
Oakdale
Pittsburgh
Presto
Crafton
Kennedy
Findlay Township
Mount Lebanon
Dormont
Greentree
Robinson
McDonald
North Fayette
McKees Rocks
Peters Township
Bridgeville
Independence Township
Chippewa
Emsworth
Center Township
Monaca
Beaver
Baden
Ambridg
Hopewell Township
Aliquippa
Sewickley
Discover Handyman Connection at the South Hills Home Show!
Are you ready to spruce up your home this spring? Handyman Connection of Coraopolis is excited to announce our presence at the South Hills Home Show from March 1st to 3rd. Join us for an immersive experience showcasing our top-notch home improvement services and expertise.
Learn More About Our Helpful Handyman Services for the Coraopolis, PA, Area
Visit our booth to explore how Handyman Connection can help you transform your home. Whether you’re planning a major renovation or need minor repairs, our skilled craftsmen are here to bring your vision to life. Don’t miss this opportunity to meet our team and learn more about our comprehensive range of services. We look forward to seeing you there!
What Handyman Services Can Fix Your Moon Township and Coraopolis, PA Home?
Proudly Serving the Following Locations With Top Handyman Services:
Contact us today
to learn more about the areas we serve
We are looking for experienced professionals to join our team today!
We take pride in our services
Handyman Connection of Coraopolis
935 Beaver Grade Rd #10
Coraopolis, PA 15108
Hello, my name is Adam Donnelly.
I have been in the real estate and home improvement industries for over 20 years. I have successfully project managed and assisted with the remodel of a countless number of homes, successful title agent (licensed in multiple States) and President of our Homeowners Association for 10 years. I have lived in the Coraopolis, PA for over 24 years. I am married with 2 wonderful daughters that recently graduated College and High School.
Quick response, good price.
Edwin Hohn
Quck quote, quick response,  good price!!!
Quality price personable people and very professional
Thomas Simchak
Great company to work with. They sent someone out to look at the project a couple days before starting. I misunderstood when they would be starting, and they practically bent over backwards to come as...
Lina A.
Knowledgeable contractor talked me through the issue and was very nice!
Mike Mooney
They responded in a promptly manner and they treated their customers well with courtesy and respect!!!
Francois Fleurentin
Work done very well.  We are happy with the baseboard and new window trim.
Jim Isaac
January 31, 2024
Professional work.
Jeffrey Miller
What is a Garden Box and How to Build One For Your Yard
Home - Handyman Connection of Durham
905-686-7236
Announcement Message
Handyman Connection in Durham, ON
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Colorado Springs area include but are not limited to:
Handyman Connection of Durham
Durham, ON M1C 1E9
Chris Collelo
Handyman Connection makes it simple for you to make your home everything you want it to be. We are a team of skilled craftspeople and professional office staff proudly serving customers in Durham and the surrounding areas.
The contractor that came to my house called before arriving to assess the job.
He informed me what needed to be done,sent me a photo of material cost, and explained what needed to be done.
Once I appr...
Patricia Paterakis
The electrician was pleasant and very thorough. He proactively checked for potential problems beyond the ones we had described. He checked every outlet in the kitchen, not just the two problem ones an...
Claudette Cresswell
December 16, 2023
Very careful, methodical work.  Intricate cuts on the tile take patience and skill, all of which Ryan has.  Very pleased with our new kitchen reno!
Laura Lee Mildon
November 26, 2023
Invest with a well known person and platform, where you will have to create and fund your trading account with Mrs. Catherine, you have full access to be monitoring your trading account, how your prof...
Darren Morgan
Prompt in responding, courteous  , professional.
Joyce Griffith**
I have be3n trying off and on for a few years to get someone to fix my gates. It WAS very frustrating until I found your service! 
Steve was very professional, friendly and informative. His work was...
Joanne Deyarmond**
July 18, 2023
I found Corey the plumber was very good and helpful
Neil Bowman**
July 13, 2023
Great guys ,pleased with the great job.Will use you guys again. Thanks so much !!
Kelly Rolfe**
June 6, 2023
How to Build the Perfect Outdoor Lounge in Scarborough
Professional Advice and How to Build the Perfect Outdoor Lounge in Scarborough & Surrounding Areas If you are looking for...
5 Ways to Improve the Exterior of Your Home This Spring with Exterior Home Improvement
Professional Exterior Home Improvement and 5 Ways to Improve the Exterior of Your Home in Scarborough & Surrounding Areas Spring...
Bedroom Painting and 3 Steps to Properly Repaint Your Bedrooms
Discover our Professional Bedroom Painting Tips and 3 Steps to Properly Repaint Your Bedrooms in Scarborough & Surrounding Areas Your...
Request an Estimate - Handyman Connection of Durham
I would like to recieve notifications via text message.
Handyman in Eden Prairie, MN l Handyman Connection
(952) 563-8484
Saint Paul
Bloomington
Edina
Eden Prairie
Chanhassen
Chaska
Lakeville
Osseo
Andover
Handyman Connection in Eden Prairie, MN
What Handyman Services Do You Need In the Eden Prairie, MN Area?
Proudly Providing Handyman Services to the Following Locations:
We are looking for experienced professionals to join our local handyman team today!
5108 W 74th St #652
Edina, MN 55439
Nate Bruen
As North America’s original home improvement specialists, homeowners depend on us to deliver first-class craftsmanship and superior customer service.
Our operators bring years of experience to Handyman Connection. Many have extensive backgrounds in construction, home repair, remodeling, and other handyman services. Their goal is for Handyman Connection to provide its customers with excellent workmanship and superior customer service.
Great experience! Chase T. trimmed my whole townhouse & did an excellent job. He was on time & had good communication. I asked for trim around a window to be fixed due to a board bowing (this was my f...
Our contractor, Milton, was phenomenal. He was curtious and professional the entire time. He did amazing work. It looks like our issue never existed.
Jacob Shoop
Our handyman, Gene, was great! Highly recommend👍
M.A.H. Hinton
Alex and his team were great about establishing (and following up) on 3 separate visits for work to be done in our home. Our first visit (so far) was with Justin. He finish trimmed our garage window a...
Debby Gretz
Derrick did a wonderful job of clearing out our gutters from collected leaves. He was efficient in doing the project. Very pleased with his work.
Peter Wayne
Gene was professional, friendly, and did a great job!
K S Stevens
Mark and Abas were great to work with and really good at communicating any necessary changes. They went tye extra mile to make sure that my new items matched my 1950s house and it is much appreciated!...
Angi Aune
January 12, 2024
Gene Schupbach was great! He was very kind and friendly and did a wonderfully detailed job on my front door. He explained what he was doing and how to keep it up in the future. The space was left clea...
How to Choose Interior Paint Colors for Your Eden Prairie Area Home
When it comes to choosing the right interior paint color for your home, there are numerous factors to consider. We’ll...
Gutter Maintenance Tips for Homes in the Eden Prairie Area
Gutter maintenance is best done in the fall. When the temperature cools, leaves fall from the trees, gathering in your gutter....
Learn from the Professionals: How to Take Care of Wood Rot and Dry Rot in Eden Prairie & Surrounding Areas...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Eden Prairie | Bloomington, MN
Professional Home Maintenance | Handyman Connection Edmonton
780-414-6152
Edmonton
Leduc
Spruce Grove
Handyman Connection in Edmonton
Carol Morhart
Edmonton – A Thriving, Energetic City
Let Us Help You Tackle Your Project To-Do List
Contact Us Today
#102-4990 92 Ave NW
Edmonton, AB T6B 2V4
When it comes to your home improvement projects our craftsmen have the expertise to get the job done and done right. Each one of our craftsmen has over ten years of experience and have all gone through a thorough background check. Handyman Connection of Edmonton’s team of professionals is passionate about taking your home improvement dreams and making them a reality.
Darren assessed our water leak problem in short order and after confirming with us as to cost, quickly went ahead and fixed the leak.  Very pleased with the service!
Jim Guloien
Service was great and efficient, my service provider was very nice, price point was decent, work was done well.
Professional friendly efficient
William Rees
The handyman knew exactly what needed to be done. He was very professional in doing it.
David Sparks
Very easy to work with and the handyman sent over was very personable and professional.
Chris Mowbray
Yes, as per my message.
Maya Lang
Because our home is older we had a few unforeseen problems arise Brian thankfully knew how to handle ever single situation Great work Great job
Rhonda Trodd
Handyman in Edmonton: Professional Basement Drywall Installation Services
Transforming your basement into a fully functional space is a project that requires skilled expertise, and one aspect is particularly...
When Is The Best Time Of Year To Replace A Deck in Edmonton?
If you're a homeowner in Edmonton, you know the beauty and value a deck can add to your property. From...
Smart Home Solutions for Aging in Place in Edmonton: Creating a Safe, Comfortable Environment
As we grow older, we begin to face challenges that can make daily tasks difficult to manage within our own...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Edmonton
Handyman in Fort Collins, CO | Handyman Connection
(970) 829-8181
Fort Collins
Loveland
Timnath
Wellington
Windsor
Handyman Connection of Fort Collins, CO
What Handyman Services Do You Need In Fort Collins, CO?
Providing Handyman Services to the Following Locations in and Around Fort Collins, CO:
Fort Collins, Loveland, Timnath, Wellington, & Windsor
We offer a wide range of handyman services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our handyman services in the Fort Collins area include but are not limited to:
120 W Saturn Dr Suite A
Fort Collins, CO 80525
Derek Christian
Our craftsmen bring years of experience to Handyman Connection. Many have extensive backgrounds in construction, home repair, remodeling and other handyman services. Our goal at Handyman Connection is to provide our customers in Fort Collins, Loveland, and the surrounding area with the highest level of quality work and service possible.
Handyman connection is the best company in northern colorado, they get stuff done with efficiency and expertise, highly reccomend
Natalie Buhl
super great company, they have a good team, they do very consistent work and quick to reply
Natalie B.
the best handyman service in northern Colorado, the fastest to respond. can't wait to have them back out to help
Taylor B.
Great job. He knew exactly where the photos on the walls. Being very polite to me.
Patricia Berman
Everything from start to finish....easy scheduling, good communication, great work done by a professional worker-nice, respectful guy.
Carmie Hansen
Great customer service from start to completion. So impressed with this company! Courteous, professional, friendly, and kind. I am so satisfied with the work they did for me. I will be using them agai...
K C
January 15, 2024
Knowledge and a good person
Pat Burman
January 13, 2024
Pro Tips For Painting a House
The concept of painting a house is pretty straightforward: choose a color you like, buy your paint and tools, and...
Top 5 Signs It’s Time to Replace Your Doors
Doors serve a crucial function in any home or workplace. In addition to providing privacy and helping you separate the...
Everything You Need to Know About Door Installation
Doors are a major part of any property. In addition to their practical uses, properly installed internal and external doors...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Fort Collins, CO
Handyman in Conifer and Golden, CO l Handyman Connection
(303) 968-1112
Arvada
Evergreen
Golden
Highlands Ranch
Lakewood
Littleton
Pine
Conifer
Bailey
Handyman Connection of Golden, CO
How Can We Help You in the Golden, CO Area With Our Handyman Services?
12424 Big Timber Drive Unit 5
Conifer, CO 80433
Docia Boylen
I love helping homeowners and it is why I started Handyman Connection. As a woman, I understand what type of service you want from craftsmen in your home and I provide that experience to you. I personally background check all of my employees and carry full insurance – so you don’t have to worry. Together, with my husband, we have over 60 years in construction and business management. I cannot wait to connect with you and become your lifetime connection for all your home improvement needs.
The people at the Handyman Connection are a pleasure to work with.
Debbie Kallage
Dean was the handy man sent to my residence. Not only was he very professional and kid friendly but he arrived in a timely manner. He did an Amazing job at installing and replacing of my walls
Bre Valenz
Docia and her team are always willing to take on jobs for my job and their craftsman's make our homeowners happy with the results of their repairs such as drywall repairs.
Jordyn Vasquez
Not now!  We just had a new grandchild born into the family.
Jennifer Martin
Arturo was amazing!  He went above and beyond to take care of my needs.  I appreciate all the special care he took to make things look nice. I highly recommend Arturo!!
Deb Starkey
Courteous, respectful, professional, timely, great work, pride in work, job cleanliness.  A fantastic customer laborer relationship. You're welcome Andrew
Larry Pinsinski
I needed someone for a small cabinet assembly. Andrew came the next day, was kind, courteous, and helpful. Did a great job! My job was small, but I received excellent service. Sharon
Sharon Kindschy
January 10, 2024
10 Steps to Get Your Fireplace Ready for Winter
Getting ready for Winter includes getting the fireplace ready.  There is nothing as cozy and warm as a fire during...
DIY for Newbies as Told by Handyman Connection of Golden Owner Docia Boylen
When it comes to DIY, our owner at Handyman Connection of Golden, Docia Boylen, knows what to do. Docia recently...
HANDYMAN CONNECTION OF GOLDEN HONORED WITH “BEST OF HOMEADVISOR AWARD” RECOGNITION BY CUSTOMERS
GOLDEN, COLORADO (July 13, 2020) — Handyman Connection of Golden, a home repair company, announced today it has earned the “Best of...
Request Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Golden | Lakewood, CO
Handyman in Grapevine, TX | Handyman Connection
(817) 527-3600
Arlington
Colleyville
Fort Worth
Grapevine
Keller
Roanoke
Southlake
Handyman Connection in Grapevine, TX
What Handyman Services Are You Needing For Your Grapevine, TX Home?
Proudly Providing Handyman Services to the Following Areas:
We offer a wide range of handyman services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Grapevine area include but are not limited to:
Carpentry Handyman
Drywall Handyman
Handyman Painting
Home Storage
And being your lifetime handyman connection for all your home improvement needs.
5751 Kroger Dr. Suite 112
Keller, TX 76244
Hello, I’m Rakesh Gandhari,
I’m a Mechanical engineer by profession and a big-time home improvement enthusiast. Having worked on many DIY home improvement projects for the past 10 years, I’m really excited to be working with homeowners and proposing innovative solutions to make their homes cozy and pleasant.
Prompt, quality of the work and ease of communication. Impressed.
William Young
Excellent work professional clean great value. Thanks Giovanni greatly appreciated .
Kimberly Palmoore
Prompt and precise. Very flexible on payment receipt
Mark Seay
Great service, Giovanni was great with our tricky cabinet fix . He did it skillfully and quick. Love the overall finish . I would recommend this business 👍🏻
saylee sangle
January 17, 2024
Giovanni is GREAT! Hands down, his workmanship and understanding what we needed done.
Michael Holland
Great job,  efficient, timely.
Richard Lawrence
January 9, 2024
Professionalism and customer service
Barbara Giddens
January 2, 2024
The handyman was on time, polite, knowledgeable, brought the necessary tools, was professional and timely.
Georgia Green
January 1, 2024
Learn About the Top 5 Home Improvement Mistakes to Avoid in Keller, TX & Surrounding Areas There are some common...
How to Choose Interior Paint Colors for Your Keller, TX Area Home
Budget Friendly Ideas for Your Small Outdoor Space in the Keller Area
Here are some low-cost ideas for transforming your small outdoor space into a completely new look in no time. See...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Grapevine | Keller, TX
How Handyman’s services benefit Hamilton residents.
905-297-5545
John Atoe & Benjamin Asokeji
Life in Hamilton
How Our Services Benefit Hamilton Residents
Plumbing repairs
Replacing electrical fixtures
Installing flooring
Building and repairing decks
Replacing interior trim
Painting home interiors and exteriors
Book an Appointment for Home Renovations in Hamilton
Handyman Connection of Hamilton
380 King Street, Unit 300
Hamilton, ON L8N 1C3
Hello, my name is Ayodele John Atoe.
I have several years experience in the IT services industry helping customers achieve their business goals. I have been a distribution and operations manager and also a customer success manager for many years. Together with my co-directors, our goal is to deliver on your needs and deliver the satisfaction in your home that you need to be happy.
Kyle was great. very prompt and easy to get along with. great job left area very clean
JANET B
May 31, 2017
JANET BELL
Great Service.  We will turn to Handyman again if we have any other jobs to be done.
LINDA H
March 20, 2017
LINDA HUTCHINGS
Antonio was prompt in his arrival and very courteous. He demonstrated knowledge and skill with his work, maintained a clean and safe work site and did an excellent job. Thank you!
Geoff G
March 2, 2017
Geoff Graham
Over-the-Door Storage: How a Handyman in Hamilton Can Install Customized Solutions for More Room
If your home is feeling a tad too tight, or if the clutter is beginning to overtake functionality, you're certainly not...
Hamilton Handyman: Refinishing Your Deck in Time for Summer
Sun-drenched days and warm, starlit evenings are around the corner. The time to gather your family and friends for alfresco...
Transform Your Hamilton Home: Innovative Bathroom Renovation Ideas
Bathroom renovation is an integral part of any home. Taking your bathroom from outdated to modern not only enhances the...
Request an Estimate - Handyman Connection of Hamilton
Handyman in Johnson County and Kansas City, KS l Handyman Connection
(913) 362-2900
Handyman Connection in Johnson County, KS
Trust The Handyman Professionals in the Kansas City and Johnson County, KS, Area
Proudly Providing Handyman Services the Following Locations:
Call Us Today
10000 W 75th St Suite 220A
Merriam, KS 66204
Alice Lund
Professional Home Repair Service in Johnson County
For every need that may arise, Handyman Connection of Johnson County is committed to providing you with dependable and skilled handymen, great customer service, and first class workmanship. Just one call or click brings our expertise right to your door. Our Johnson County handyman team can help turn your \”to-do\” list into \”done\”.
Home remodeling and repairs are what we get excited about. We are the solution for all of your Johnson County home improvement projects. Whether you need something installed, built, fixed or maintained, our Johnson County handyman company is your reliable and trusted partner for all your home improvement, maintenance, home repair, renovating, and home remodeling needs. For any handyman services you may need, we have the experts at Handyman Connection of Johnson County.
Our Johnson County handyman mission is the same as yours — making your home a great place to live. As North America’s original — and leading — home maintenance specialists, you can rest easy knowing your Johnson County home improvement, repair, renovation or home remodeling job is in experienced hands. We’re not just proud of our workmanship — we guarantee it.
Job was done well
Ron Weigand
John's knowledge and integrity as a plumber is exceptional!
Hondo Ayers
Tyson was friendly, professional & communicated well. Like the end product !
Arrived on time. Completed work in good time. Did excellent work and was very professional. I would recommend Handyman Connection for all your household repairs. John did a great job.
Karen Swierczewski
January 24, 2024
The repair was highly successful and made a huge impact on my access.
Ja Constantine
He did a great job cleaning out the gutters!
Sharon Barlow
December 19, 2023
It's an easy service to use when I don't have a contact I already know and trust. This time Home Depot came in $1000 cheaper on the price of the job
Christina Lenk
December 17, 2023
He was thorough and cleaned up and was a very pleasant man
Tonja Hayungs
Add Curb Appeal to Your Kansas City Area Home Curb appeal refers to the appearance of a property or building....
How to Create a Window Box
How do you create a window box? Window boxes are great additions to any home or office. They add color...
Learn How to Choose an Exterior Paint Color in Kansas City & Surrounding Areas Changing your home’s color, giving it...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Johnson County | Merriam, KS
Professional Home Maintenance | Handyman Connection Kelowna
250-717-5500
Cambridge
Guelph
Kitchener
Handyman Connection in Kelowna
Winfield, Oyama, Armstrong, Enderby, Salmon Arm, Sicamous
Frank Block and Rose-Marie Brunet
Residential & Commercial Services We Provide to the Kelowna Area
Commercial Maintenance and Remodelling Services
Consider Handyman Connection for your next project
212 1884 Spall Rd.
Kelowna, BC V1Y 4R1
On time solid work done fast and top notch
Jarrod Brown
Everyone was very polite and helpful.
George Or Val Solomonides
Employee was friendly and helped with what I requested of him.
Katie Ridley
The warm welcome, dedication and will to find the way to fulfill my request ❤️ You're welcome
Magali Gadea
Never been disappointed with the work or workers.
Valerie McDermott
Wow He was very efficient and informative. He tried to make the job as low as possible. Love my new light
Pat Hennessey
Quality, skill, and customer service.
. Smile Innovations
Fantastic service from start to job finish! This was my first time using Handyman Connection, but it won't be my last! They were prompt, friendly, knowledgeable & speedy.
. Central Okanagan Teachers Association
Fixing Common Plumbing Problems: A Handyman in Kelowna Expertise at Work
Pipes dripping, toilets clogged and slow drains. As a homeowner, you've undoubtedly faced one or more of these common plumbing issues....
Revive Your Old Deck: A Comprehensive Guide on Deck Painting and Sealing in Kelowna
Reviving an old deck is a great way to enhance your outdoor space and boost your home's overall aesthetic appeal....
Kelowna Green Home Improvements: Enhancing Your Home While Saving the Planet
With the state of our planet becoming an increasingly pressing issue, many homeowners are searching for ways that they can...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Kelowna
Professional Home Maintenance | Handyman Connection Kitchener
519-579-9523
Waterloo
Handyman Connection in Kitchener
Kitchener, Waterloo, Cambridge,
Guelph 519-821-6548
The Beautiful City of Kitchener
Call Us Today for a Quote
6 Hoffman St #1
Kitchener, ON N2M 3M4
Kitchener: 519-579-9523
Guelph: 519-821-6548
Henry was on time, very organized and did a wonderful job. We're very happy with the results!
Natasha Gallo
Amazing response time. Easy to coordinate.
Colleen Kerrigan
Friendly, workmanship,  kept to the quoted price even though he stayed longer than he originally said it would take, and he fixed part of the floor we did not mention.
Chris Wunder
The person that came to do the job his name was Anthony. He was very professional and really happy with the work that was done. The only thing I would change was the price I found it a little bit up o...
Heidi Troupes
Good workmanship from the trades and the office was very responsive to my queries
Marlene Pettit
We needed an electrician to repair some electrical issues and to install an EV charger. MARK was punctual and completed the work. ELECTRICAL inspector approved this installation and only a safety stic...
Lily Hiebert Rempel
Good work and friendly service.
Robin Kershaw
Maximizing Your Closet Space with Handyman Connection in Kitchener
Brightening up those corners, sorting that stack of sweaters, and placing every shoe in its designated place - imagine that...
Kitchener Home Repairs: Handyman vs. Contractor Who Should You Hire?
Are you contemplating who you should hire for your home repairs? Wondering whether a handyman or a contractor is the...
Questions to Ask Before Hiring a Home Remodeling Company in Kitchener
Embarking on a home remodelling project can be both thrilling and overwhelming. It entails meticulous planning, budgeting, and, most importantly,...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Kitchener
Handyman in Lexington, KY | Handyman Connection
(859) 276-1811
Appliances
Lexington
Nicholasville
Versailles
Handyman Connection in Lexington, KY
What Handyman Services Do You Need in Lexington, KY?
We serve the following areas with our services:
1585 Mercer Rd, Ste 120
Lexington, KY 40511
Chris Schenk
Chris has over 15 years of experience in the project management and home remodeling industries. He’s always enjoyed having a hands-on approach to solving problems while working on homes. Chris learned a lot of different aspects of home remodeling and maintenance from multiple skilled craftsmen throughout his life. It is Chris’ goal as a franchise owner to develop a trusted team of craftsmen to serve homeowners in the Lexington area. Our local office will strive to repair your home like new and build a lasting relationship.
Affordable and efficient
Monnie Taylor
Work was done correctly.  The handyman that came was very kind.
Shirley Wiggers
Professionalism and skill of the technician.
William Andrews
Fast, good quality, good communication, fair price
Shelley Barnes
Mike went above and beyond to assist me with a slightly complicated issue. He found solutions and offered thoughts on how to make the repair even better. He was focused on safety...which I very much a...
Laurie Preston
This is the second time I have used your services. 

In both cases your staffers have been professional in asking about what I wanted done.

They explained the fix and estimated the cost. They answere...
John Rawlins
Excellent communication during entire experience from first phone call to completion, timely arrival, fair and clear pricing, excellent workmanship, friendly and knowledgeable service man
Joyce Bruner
He was very courteous, did a good job, and I'll surely use you again.
Rebecca McCloud
Add Curb Appeal to Your Lexington Area Home The appearance of a property or building is referred to as curb...
How to Use a Caulk Gun
Tips for Using a Caulk Gun to Help with Home Maintenance Projects for Your Lexington Area Home Caulk guns are...
Learn How to Choose an Exterior Paint Color in Lexington, KY & Surrounding Areas Changing your home’s color, giving a...
Local Handyman Services | Lexington, KY | Handyman Connection
Handyman in Lincoln, NE | Handyman Connection of Lincoln
(402) 875-9696
Agnew
Holland
Lincoln
Seward
Waverly
Milford
Handyman Connection in Lincoln, NE
How Can Our Handyman Services Help You in the Lincoln, NE Area?
Proudly Serving the Following Locations With Our Handyman Renovation Services:
We are looking for experienced professionals to join our local handyman renovation team today!
We are the original- and leading- handyman renovation specialists in North America
4535 Normal Blvd Suite 145
Lincoln, NE 68506
Jake Stitt
As North America’s original handyman renovation specialists, homeowners depend on us to deliver first-class craftsmanship and superior customer service.
Team was courteous, clean and professional.
Tim Jung
Quality of work , fair pricing and easy scheduling !!
Joy Banerjee
From setting up appointment to the professionalism of the contractor.  Very enjoyable experience.
Linda Clark
The person doing the work
Diana & Jay Lowrey
Good communication and Mike was great
Cathy Harris
Aaron Searls worked diligently every day he was assigned to work on my projects. He was thorough, did excellent work and used his time wisely. If he had a question, he always asked and did not assume...
Sally Roland
December 13, 2023
Very pleasant workers.  Had some ideas to make my requests better.  Did great work.  Were able to get to my request quickly. I really have no regrets at all.
Jan Hanner
December 1, 2023
Handymen listened to what I wanted and got the job done efficiently and carefully.
Mark Watts
November 23, 2023
Add Curb Appeal to Your Lincoln Area Home Curb appeal refers to the appearance of a property or building. The...
Budget Friendly Ideas for Your Small Outdoor Space in the Lincoln Area
Here are some budget-friendly ideas on how to upgrade your outdoor space to create a whole new look in no...
How to Build the Perfect Outdoor Patio in the Lincoln Area
Do you have an outdoor space where you can relax after a long day at work with your patio furniture?...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Lincoln, NE
Handyman Connection of Butler Warren | Certified Handyman Services | Blue Ash, OH
(513) 733-3777
Handyman Connection is a Great Fit for You! Visit our Career Page! Click Learn More.
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Mason area include but are not limited to:
10979 Reed Hartman Hwy, Suite 311
Illean Durkin
Derrick Ware did a great job reattaching siding on my house. He was thorough and efficient in getting the job done. The repair looks great. My thanks to Derrick and his crew. I would recommend Derrick...
Perry Anderson
Derrick did a great job and 
i'm  very happy with the results thanks
Ernesto Diaz
Derrick did a great job with our repairs. Very knowledgable and will definitely use them again!
Kristen Miller
We did a google review, Derrick did a great job. Went above and beyond to take care of us!!
Joann Rieger
Derrick Ware and his helper did an amazing job taking care of my list of repairs. Very professional and articulate with his work. I would highly recommend him to anyone.
Ron Rieger
Very knowledgeable able to do electrical and hang a curtain rod all in one visit
Klemmer Gwen
Scott Horrigan was very knowledgeable and helpful on time
Gigi 3
Handyman Connection recently have done a drywall job at my house. They responded quickly to my requests and promptly sent Derrrick to my house for a proposal. They have a robust communication process...
Tram Nguyen
Should You Be Worried About Popping and Crackling Firewood?
Many people associate popping and crackling with cozy and comforting winters. However, it can be a bit too much at...
Choosing Between a Raised or a Ground-Level Deck
When it comes to extending your living space to the outdoors, decks are a popular addition to homes in Ohio....
Picking a Good Color Scheme for Your Living-in-Place Remodel
When considering a living-in-place remodel for your home, one of the critical factors is to ensure not just a safe,...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Butler Warren | Blue Ash, OH
Handyman Services, Carpentry, Electrical & Plumbing | Charlotte, NC
(704) 246-4545
Indian Trail, Marshville, Monroe, Waxhaw, Wingate, Charlotte
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Matthews area include but are not limited to:
1805 Sardis Road North, Suite 138
Charlotte, NC 28270
Hello, my name is Tim Nelson.
For every need that may arise, Handyman Connection of Mathews is committed to providing you with dependable and skilled handymen, great customer service, and first class workmanship. Just one call or click brings our expertise right to your door.
Home remodeling and repairs are what we get excited about. We are the solution for all of your home improvement projects. Whether you need something installed, built, fixed or maintained, Handyman Connection of Matthews is your reliable and trusted partner for all your home improvement, maintenance, home repair, renovating, and home remodeling needs.
I wish there were more than five stars. I have planned a screened in porch that would be a s safe place for my cat to play and interact with the outdoors for over a year. I had pictures and a 7’x17�...
Janet Braithwaite
efficiency and competence and relatability is uncommon today reliability
Matthew Strosser
Perfect - Robert did amazing work and I was so happy with his work. Highly recommend him and Julie in office so easy to get appointment scheduled.
Nancy Zuilkowski
Excellent customer services experience. Julie the Coordinator listens to the consumer concerns and arrange for the service to be completed. Mike did a great job handling all of my repair needs within...
LaJuliet Bickerstaff
Great communication and gear craftsmanship.
Gordon Howard
January 5, 2024
Very easy to schedule, direct, pricing, and the handyman was on time and got the work done, efficiently and correctly.
Amanda Mills
December 23, 2023
Excellent work and friendly people. Attention to detail.
Blas Lopez
December 20, 2023
I’m quite handy as the offspring of a machinist so if I call in an expert it’s usually a decent lift. Handyman Connection in Matthews impresses every single time. They are courteous, responsive, f...
Tiffany Johnson
December 8, 2023
Bathroom Remodeling Ideas for Budget-Conscious Homeowners
The bathroom is one of the areas in the home that gets the most amount of foot traffic. As such,...
Easy Ways to Locate a Wall Stud
There will come a time in your time as a homeowner when you’ll have to locate a little thing called...
How to Test Your Toilet for Leaks
Toilet leaks are actually easy to repair. However, determining that your toilet is leaking can pose a challenge. Toilet leaks...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Matthews | Charlotte, NC
Handyman in McKinney, TX l Handyman Connection
(972) 439-9694
Frisco
Allen
Plano
Princeton
Prosper
Handyman Connection in McKinney, TX
How Can We Help You in the Mckinney, TX Area With Our Handyman Services?
Proudly Serving The Following Locations With Our Handyman Services:
Troy Manary
Meet Troy Manary
Owning a Home in McKinney, Texas
Our Home Repair Solutions
Drywall installation
Flooring needs
Small home repairs
Storage space solutions
The Handyman Connection Difference
Contact Us for a Free Estimate
Deck Repair and Installation in McKinney
307 S McDonald St Suite #200
McKinney, TX 75069
Handyman Connection of McKinney is locally owned and operated by Troy Manary. Our goal is for Handyman Connection to provide customers with excellent workmanship and superior customer service. Each of our craftsmen has solid experience and all have gone through background checks. We enjoy helping our good neighbors and making the communities and homes we live in better places through home repair and improvement projects. We are passionate about taking your home improvement dreams and making them a reality.
David is awesome! Installed our patio doors great. Even came back and made adjustments! Professional and an overall positive person.
Kathie Waldron
Handyman Connection always provides precise and efficient quality work performance.
Rochelle Ward
The precision and quality of the work performed.
Gateway First Bank Rochelle Ward
I wish I connected with this company years ago for all my home repairs. Josh did an amazing job updating my bathroom. Services are a 10/10 and I cannot wait to use their services again.
Kerina Michelle
Everything was fantastic! Customer service, the repair, Josh, and the pricing
Kerina Kaltenborn
Quality workmanship and reasonably priced
Ann Denson
Jordan was always on time, he and his helper were polite and diligent, he went above and beyond when unexpected things in our old house surprised us all and did what needed to be done. They did a grea...
LuAnne
Marcos did a grest job and pivoted to my need. Will use him again.
Pam Dumas
Home Exterior Repairs a Frisco Handyman Can Provide
Your home often communicates your personality and lifestyle. Importantly, it shields you and your loved ones from the elements of...
Collin County Handyman: Choosing the Right Paint for Your Home’s Interior and Exterior
For many homeowners, deciding what paint to use can feel like navigating an endless sea of choices. From the variances...
The Magic of Crown Molding: Enhancing Your Home’s Aesthetics in Fairview
Wondering how to take your home's aesthetics to a whole new level? Well, look no further. This blog will unveil...
mckinney@handymanconnection.com
Handyman Services | McKinney, TX | Handyman Connection
Contact us today for home renovations in Mississauga.
905-997-1331
Mississauga
Handyman Connection in Mississauga
Tamer Aly and Mohamed Hussein
Life in Mississauga
What Handyman Connection Can Offer
1125 Dundas St E
Mississauga, ON L4Y 2C4
Hello, we are Tamer Aly and Mohamed Hussein
Our team of professionals in electrical, plumbing, carpentry, painting, general handyman services are ready to support our community to continuously improve their home owner experience
Leave Us a Home Stars Review
Leave Us a Google Review
Leave Us a Facebook Review
Painting Tips from Mississauga Handyman Achieving a Flawless Finish
When it comes to creating a picture-perfect home interior, painting is an essential element. A beautifully painted room can make...
Mississauga Energy Efficiency How Handyman Services Can Help
There you are, sitting in your home in Mississauga, wondering how you can improve energy efficiency while also considering a...
Handyman Mississauga Tile Design Ideas for a Beautiful Bathroom
Think about stepping into your bathroom after a long day, your stresses melting away amidst gorgeous tile designs that echo...
hc6402@handymanconnection.com
Request an Estimate - Handyman Connection of Mississauga, ON
Handyman in Mount Pleasant and Summerville, SC | Handyman Connection
(843) 529-9400
Ipe Deck Services
Bathroom Remodel and Tile
Mount Pleasant
Daniel Island
Goose Creek
Summerville
Hanahan
Johns Island
West Ashley
Ladson
Charleston
North Charleston
Handyman Connection in Mount Pleasant, SC
How Can We Help You in the Mount Pleasant and Summerville, SC, Area With Our Handyman Services?
We are happy to provide the following locations with our handyman services:
Each Handyman From Handyman Connection Takes Pride in Their Work
2154 N Center St Suite D-416
North Charleston, SC 29406
Trevor Leysock
Our operators bring years of experience to Handyman Connection of Mount Pleasant. Many have extensive backgrounds in construction, home repair, remodeling, and other handyman services. Their goal is for Handyman Connection of Mount Pleasant to provide its customers with excellent workmanship and superior customer service.
No thanks.
Mark Froning
Joseph was professional and very pleasant to interact with.  Great job.
Eduardo A Calderon
Great service and easy to work with. Joe and Link were both great to deal with and very professional.
Russell Boykin
This rating is based on an earlier job. I was not able to afford the job that was quoted last year. Last week! Cindy_Trimnal
Cynthia Trimnal
I?m so glad I found Handyman Connection! They were so easy to communicate with and they were able to help me with the repair of my attic shutters so quickly (which I appreciated as I was under pressur...
Haley Goff
I’m so glad I found Handyman Connection! They were so easy to communicate with and they were able to help me with the repair of my attic shutters so quickly (which I appreciated as I was under press...
I’m so glad I found Handyman Connection! They were so easy to communicate with, I was able to schedule my repair quickly, and it was so reasonably priced! Joe was competent and quick and was kind en...
Speed of service!
Sharyn Thorpe
Tips on How to Regrout Tile for Your Mount Pleasant, SC Area Home What is the best way to regrout...
Organize Your Garage in the Mount Pleasant, SC Area
You can keep more than one car in your garage. The likelihood is that your garage will have plenty of...
Learn How to Choose an Exterior Paint Color in Mount Pleasant, SC & Surrounding Areas Repainting the exterior of your...
Handyman Connection of Charleston | Charleston, SC
Handyman in Mountain View, CA | Handyman Connection
(650) 695-1400
Los Altos
Palo Alto
Mountain View
Sunnyvale
Stanford
Los Altos Hills
Fremont
Menlo Park
Cupertino
Dear Valued Customer,
Handyman Connection of Mountain View is committed to providing the highest quality services to our customers. We know that our customers have a choice, and we are grateful for your continued partnership.
For the past several years, Handyman Connection of Mountain View has been absorbing processing and transaction fees related to payments made by credit card. Unfortunately, our costs for credit card acceptance have continued to rise. Credit card rates have continued to skyrocket over the last few years, and more and more credit cards are run with the card not present (phone transactions, etc.). “Card not present” transactions also increase the rate we are charged. The use of credit cards to pay bills has also increased significantly.
Effective April 1, 2023, we will begin adding a 3% convenience fee for all credit card payments. The fee with be added to payments made with Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover to offset the fees charged by the card companies. In accordance with credit card network rules, Handyman Connection of Mountain View cannot profit from this fee, and it does not exceed our expenses associated with accepting credit card payments.
Payments made by check, electronic payment (ACH/EFT), wire, or debit card will not be charged the convenience fee.
We thank you for your understanding as we implement this fee and offset some of the increased inflationary costs we are all incurring. We are happy to work with you on alternate payment options.
Sincerely,
Handyman Connection in Mountain View, CA
How Can We Help You in the Mountain View, CA Area With Our Handyman Services?
These Locations With Our Handyman Services:
3002 Lawrence Expy
Santa Clara, CA 95051
George Brisker
When it comes to your home improvement projects our craftsmen have the expertise to get the job done and done right. Each one of our craftsmen has years of experience and have all gone through a thorough background check. Handyman Connection of Mountain View’s team of professionals is passionate about taking your home improvement dreams and making them a reality.
Very professional, great attitude and excellent workmanship
Norman Jang
Arrived on time. Went to work and found the cabinet work was easier than expected and asked if there was anything else we needed fixed. We had a door to the outside back that did not close well and as...
Henry TAYLOR
Needed plumbing and exterior repair work done and wanted the assurance of hiring a licensed contractor with a warranty on work performed. Patrick replaced two dated shower systems, rusty drain seals,...
David Pope
I had a list of tasks that Carlos tackled one by one, did quality work, did more than I asked for, and was all done quickly and cleanly. I will not hesitate to call on them again with my next list of...
Elaine Orgain
I appreciated Alisha's professionalism and expertise. She has an aesthetic sense, too, which I liked because she cared about how her work looked and how she could make it more appealing to me. She has...
Barbara Boyington
January 28, 2024
Ricardo helps me to remove and replace shower sliding door. It?s really working good
Steven LingLing
Ricardo helps me to remove and replace shower sliding door. It’s really working good
Learn from the Professionals: How to Take Care of Wood Rot and Dry Rot in Mountain View, CA & Surrounding...
Organize Your Garage in the Sunnyvale Area
How to Restore an Old Deck with Deck Repair Solutions in Sunnyvale, CA and the Surrounding Area
License #1015011
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Mountain View | Sunnyvale, CA
Handyman in Louisville and Newburg, KY | Handyman Connection
502-795-2225
Newburg
Strathmore Village
Buechel
Watterson Park
Saint Matthews
Heritage Creek
South Park View
Jeffersontown
Saint Regis Park
Hollow Creek
Spring Mill
Hillview
Pioneer Village
Hunters Hollow
Brooks
Ashville
Thixton
Jeffersonville
Are You Needing Handyman Services in the Louisville and Newburg, KY, Area?
Handyman Connection of Newburg
4634 Taylor Blvd
Louisville, KY 40216
Kori Farr
Tony worked on my screen porch and did an excellent job. He was courteous and friendly. I fully.intend to use Handyman Connection for all my projects in the future.
Sandy Metzger
The Owner Kori was great! He got me scheduled quickly and his team did an outstanding job!
shenelle Hinton
OK
Thomas Moore
Handyman connection showed up as scheduled and gave us a reasonable estimate on redoing stair balusters and removing old stain off wood railings. The team who did the work was efficient and told us ea...
Gretchen Durbin
James the main handyman person was thorough and explained what he was doing every day . We really liked his personality and knowledge. Nice to work with him. If I have another project I'd like to have...
I am very pleased with the quality and efficiency of service. Mississippi and Jeremiah were both great and very professional. Highly recommend!
Shenelle Hinton
James explained what he thought was the best solutions my problems and exactly what he was going to do.  When he completed the jobs he asked me to check and make sure I was satisfied.
Carol Behringer
Very polite and helpful. Task accomplished without problems.
Deborah Scott
Handyman Connection of NW Arkansas | All Handyman Services | Springdale, AR
(479) 756-8250
NW Arkansas, Bella Vista, Benton and Washington Counties, Bentonville, Fayetteville, Fort Smith, Lowell, Rogers, Siloam Springs
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the NW Arkansas area include but are not limited to:
411 N. 40th St.
Springdale, AR 72762
Ben Gasca
Handyman Connection: The New Gold Standard in Handyman Home Repair!
Over 20 years of experience in providing the utmost quality in home restoration and home repair services
Handyman Connection takes pride in our outstanding industry reputation, thanks to the skilled craftsmanship and unmatched customer service provided by each of our local offices. In our continued effort to solidify Handyman Connection as the foremost provider of quality handyman home repair, improvement and restoration services, customer satisfaction has remained our highest priority. This is why all Handyman Connection’s home repair services are backed by a satisfaction guarantee, offering you an added peace-of-mind many competitors can’t match.
Countless customer testimonials and reviews attest to Handyman Connection’s dedication in providing the new gold standard in handyman home repair services. Skip the stress of unlicensed or inexperienced contractors with the trusted quality of Handyman Connection.
With independent contractors’ background-checked craftsmen operating across North America, Handyman Connection offers residential and commercial handyman home repairs, including home restoration services from professional experts that know your local market and are invested in helping you achieve your unique vision for every home improvement project.
Handyman Connection’s vast offering of home and business repair services allows us to meet a wide variety of consumer needs. Whether they are small or large projects for the interior or exterior, Handyman Connection offers the quality you expect and the customer care you desire to make your home repair and restoration project dreams a reality today, with continued results as good as gold.
Ben and Lisa Gasca
Owners
Ease to schedule, meeting expectations, solid communication at key milestones, on time delivery
Tim Motter
The electrician was very personable especially with my big dogs that wanted his attention and he was quick, efficient, did a great job and didn't leave any mess.
Julie Stewart
I am extremely pleased with the Handyman Connection team and Greg! They communicate well, get things done in a timely manner, and we're respectful of my home. From now on anytime I need work done I wi...
Morgan Griffith
Prompt, professional, polite I'll add that to my "to do" list. 
Meanwhile, please email a receipt showing payment made in full.
Susan Holmes
Response
Robert "Bob" Jump
Very professional  and efficient  process
Michael Bradley
Handyman connection fixed my issue within a few hours of me calling. They are always on time and the technician was nice.
Olive Garden FAYETTEVILLE
Angie’s List Super Service Award 2019
Handyman Connection of NW Arkansas Earns 2019 Angie’s List Super Service Award Award reflects company’s consistently high level of customer...
Handyman Connection Recognized on Qualified Remodeler 2019 Top 500
Handyman Connection is incredibly honored to be recognized on Qualified Remodeler’s 2019 Top 500 list for the ninth consecutive year,...
License #0361060218
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of NW Arkansas | Springdale, AR
Professional Home Maintenance | Handyman Connection Ottawa
613-723-5021
North Gower
Ottawa
Stittsville
Cumberland
Dunrobin
Handyman Connection in Ottawa
Commercial Maintenance and Remodeling Services
Your Go-To Provider for All Your Home Renovation Needs
We Are Proud Members of the Ottawa Community
Connect With Our Team
1550B Chatelain Ave
Ottawa, ON K1Z 8B5
Handyman Connection has been providing trusted services to homes and businesses across the National Capital Region since 1998.
Through the pandemic, we have been following government guidelines to ensure the safety of our customers, tradespeople, and office staff.
If you have repairs or renos that need to get done, click on “Request an Estimate” and we will be happy to set you up with one of our skilled tradespeople.
You can contact our office team by phone, text, or email.
I've had three different service calls with Handyman Connection. Each call turned out perfectly. I contact Handyman Services when needed because no service seems to be too big or too small for them an...
Edith Eburne
Showed up on time, assessed the problem correctly, was efficient and polite. Great experience.
Elizabeth Hosang
Had a great experience with Yiftach. Knowledgeable and friendly. Would hire again.
Ryan Quarter
On time, friendly, professional. Cost as quoted. No surprises.
Don Crockford
I've been very pleased with the services I've received from Handyman Connections. The professionals they send to do the work required are knowledgeable, pleasant and do excellent work. I've been espec...
Georgette R
Ever since I discovered Handyman Connection of Ottawa. I don't even bother looking anywhere else. Prompt, affordable clean and excellent customer service.
Ana Kassis
Solved a long standing problem switch. Efficient and friendly.
Susan Chapman
The electrician is very knowledgeable and pleasant to deal with.
Georgette Roy
How a Handyman in Ottawa Can Repair Drywall Damage
Imagine this: When a child decides to play baseball indoors, it often leads to an unfortunate hole in your wall....
Handyman in Ottawa: Painting Your Garage
Your vehicle's favourite hideaway, your garage, often endures the harsh cycle of season change with you. The siege of nature's...
Handyman in Ottawa Space-Saving Ideas for Small Homes
As a homeowner, you've probably asked yourself, "How does carpentry help?" when faced with the challenge of optimizing limited space...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Ottawa
Handyman in Parker, CO | Handyman Connection
720-508-2099
Parker
Castle Rock
Castle Pines
Centennial
Greenwood Village
Handyman Connection in Parker, CO
What Handyman Services Do You Need in Parker, CO?
Proudly Serving The Following Locations With Handyman Services:
Areas Page
We are looking for experienced handyman professionals to join our local handyman team today!
And being your lifetime connection for all your home improvement and handyman needs.
19600 E Parker Square Dr # 215
Parker, CO 80134
Mike
The Handyman Connection of Parker team takes pride in building relationships and providing excellent customer service.  My craftsmen are skilled and trained professionals in their trade. All team members are background checked and carry full insurance which will put your mind at ease. Reach out today to get started on your next project!
We will revisit in future.
Mike German
We didn't do work yet 
But I would recommend you 😊
Bonnie Bagley Catlin
On time, courteous, informative. Work and access areas were kept clean of mud, snow, and materials during and after work. Excellent workmanship.
Arthur Eason
Already have recommended him to a neighbor. On time, reasonable price. work was done within the estimated time frame at estimated cost for time, labor, and materials, kept work and accessibility areas...
David Eason
Commitment to get the work completed at a fair price.
Gail Starkweather
Response and resolution I did All excellent
James Foster
Mike listened to me about the problem and previous attempts to fix it. He was patient and thoughtful and took his time. After fixing the most glaring problem he then tweeted it (bifold doors are adjus...
Charmagne Moss
Loved working with handyman connections! They did a great job and were easy to communicate with. Will be using them again!!
Alexandra Rae
December 24, 2023
Handyman Services, Home Remodeling, Kitchen, Bathroom, Deck Repair
(626) 744-0402
Pasadena, Los Angeles, Alhambra, Arcadia, Rosemead, San Gabriel, City of Industry, Sierra Madre, Montrose, Altadena, Burbank, La Crescenta, La Canada Flintridge, San Marino, South Pasadena, Duarte, Glendale, Monrovia, El Monte, North Hills, Verdugo City, Mount Wilson, Temple City, Eagle Rock
Handyman services, Bathroom remodeling services. Kitchen remodeling services. Home remodeling services. Custom bathroom showers. Room addition construction contractor. Floor plan reconfiguration design build construction. We are home remodelers builders contractors serving the primary areas of Pasadena, South Pasadena, Monrovia, Sierra Madre, Altadena. Design remodel construction in Bungalow Heaven neighborhood in Pasadena. Bungalow Heaven became landmark district because all the small craftsman bungalow homes built. Remodelers in San Gabriel Valley area, we have done design, remodel, additions and construction in Burbank, Glendale, West Los Angeles, and some parts of Los Angeles County.We can help homeowners with craftsman bathroom ideas, how much value can bring doing a kitchen or bathroom craftsman renovation. We do build new custom craftsman style bathrooms , we are custom shower builders, we can add a bathroom without adding any additional square footage to your home. Craftsman style tile work. We are kitchen contractors in Los Angeles, assisting our clients with their craftsman bungalow kitchen designs. many times working together with architects in Pasadena. Handyman Connection of Pasadena, your trusted partner in Remodeling!

We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Pasadena area include but are not limited to:
110 S Rosemead Blvd Suite G
Pasadena, CA 91107
Sara Kash
Sara is the General Manager at Handyman Connection of Pasadena. Whether you need something installed, built, fixed, maintained, or need to remodel bathroom or remodel kitchen we are your reliable and trusted partner for all your home maintenance, home repair, renovation, addition and remodeling needs. Your home needs expertise and we have the experts at Handyman Connection. At Handyman Connection of Pasadena, our mission is the same as yours… making your home a great place to live.
I already shared a review on your site
Larry Koonse
Very professional, outstanding work performed by Ray. Our neighbor they like how the work was done. Thank you
Maria Miccolis
Rey did it excellent job building my new gate . He did have to come back a couple times but efficient in correcting the problems and adding some decoration items to the gate. He's very personable and...
M.E. Fuzzard
January 6, 2024
We contacted Handyman Connection for several small projects in the house. Reinaldo came and did the inspection and gave us a fair quote. The job started the following week and he was very professional...
Forbia Lee
Competence
Howard Newman
December 11, 2023
I had a remodel job I needed in a hall bathroom that was too small for contractors but Handyman Connection was able to take care of the whole remodel. Jason provided great customer service and our wor...
Rita Luna
December 7, 2023
Timely, extremely polite , excellent craftsmanship. Reynaldo Osorio, thanks,
Great service, workmanship, reasonable rates and project was done in a timely manner.
Why the “Best Handyman Service in Los Angeles” is Worth the Investment
Best Handyman Service in Los Angeles - When your home needs some TLC, it's tempting to go with the cheapest...
Pasadena’s Top Handyman: Get It Done with Handyman Connection
Pasadena's Top Handyman - Tired of staring at that ever-growing home to-do list? From those little fixes that never seem...
Carpenter in Pasadena – Benefits of Choosing Licensed
Carpenter in Pasadena - In the bustling city of Pasadena, homeowners and businesses often face the challenge of maintaining and...
License #992200
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Pasadena, CA
Handyman Connection of Phoenix, AZ | Handyman Home Services
(602) 424-6700
Monthly Payment Options
A
vailable Powered by Acorn Finance
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Phoenix area include but are not limited to:
2990 E Northern Ave Suite A101
Phoenix, AZ 85028
Allen Hopkins
Never had any bad experiences.
Donna Olcavage
HandyMan Connection came to the rescue for RN properties when we were in desperate need. Shelly made the schedule so easy and never had an issue with this company. If you hire this company, you will n...
RN Properties
Whatever challenging handy work you need accomplished, Handyman Connection is the right company to get it done. They completed many things for me that I just could not do myself and I had time restric...
Matt H.
Good work
Juan Bejarano
I had Greg from Handyman Connection come to my rental property to fix the front door that would not close. He arrived on time and was very professional and did a great job. I would definitely hire him...
Mandy B.
The handyman David, was very accommodating and was very honest about the limitations of the project. When it was completed he told me he couldn't give me a warranty so he only charged me for the paint...
Communication, understanding of our needs and great work.
Elaine Plinski
Why Should You Hire an Expert for Handyman Services?
A handyman is someone who you can engage to carry out several different types of tasks. They have a huge...
List of Things Where You Need Help from an Expert Handyman?
Deep plumbing, drywall repair, external upgrades, light fixture installation - when it comes down to the heavy handyman stuff, it's...
Handyman Connection Recognized on Qualified Remodeler’s 2018 Home Improvement Pro Top 200 List
We’re excited to share that we’ve placed #34 on Qualified Remodeler’s 2018 Home Improvement Pro (HIP) Top 200 List. The...
Testimonials | Handyman Connection of Phoenix, AZ
Professional Home Maintenance | Handyman Connection Red Deer
403-314-2120
Bentley
Blackfalds
Bowden
Innisfail
Lacombe
Penhold
Red Deer County
Spring Brook
Sylvan Lake
Handyman Connection in Red Deer
Home Improvement Services in Red Deer
Request an Estimate Today
PO Box 1099
Red Deer, AB T4N 6S5
For every Home Maintenance need that may arise, Handyman Connection of Red Deer is committed to providing you with dependable and skilled Handymen, great customer service, and first class workmanship. Just one call or click brings our expertise right to your door. Handyman Connection of Red Deer can help turn your “to-do” list into “done.”
Home repairs, renovations and remodeling are what we get excited about. Handyman Connection Red Deer is your single solution for that list of home maintenance and home improvement that seems to grow longer every day. Whether you need something installed, built, fixed or maintained, we are your reliable and trusted partner for all your home repair, renovating and remodeling needs. Your home needs expertise and we have the experts at Handyman Connection of Red Deer .
At Handyman Connection of Red Deer , our mission is the same as yours — making your home a great place to live. As North America’s original — and leading — home maintenance specialists, you can rest easy knowing your home repair, renovating or remodeling job is in experienced hands. We’re not just proud of our workmanship — we guarantee it.
Qualify for an ecoENERGY grant and Handyman Connection of Red Deer can help with your home improvement energy retrofit.
Don't be deceived!! trading pays more than you could ever imagine all you need is the right tools and proper knowledge of how to trade on the Stock market, I was totally new to trading and didn't know...
Penwel Mahlangu
Edmund showed up on time, and did a great job for a reasonable price.
John Smaak
Jess did an excellent job of fixing our bar. Went beyond just the initial fix and adjusted a drawer as well. Would call again.
Ken Wilton
THE SERVICE , OFFICE MANAGEMENT WAS ALL PROVIDED 
100% .
Mary Mashford
June 30, 2023
I appreciated  you coming g to my home to give me an estimate however it was ridiculously high  and the gst wasn't calculated  properly and I'm not sure why  I'm being charged for WCB its not my job t...
Patricia Young
June 28, 2023
We had Jeff install our two skylights. He was personable, polite and efficient. He was honest to admit he hadn’t done a skylight but was willing to take on the job. He did a great job, the skylights...
Agnes Watson
June 27, 2023
Billy was friendly knowledgeable and efficient would gladly use him again.
Lonny Lott
June 16, 2023
Very good work
Larry Melnychuck
May 29, 2023
Red Deer Handyman: Seasonal Maintenance Can Help Avoid Costly Home Repairs Down the Line
As a homeowner, it's important to invest in the necessary house maintenance services to keep your property in great condition....
Handyman in Red Deer: Fixing Common Fence Problems
For many homeowners, a fence is not only a functional element but a defining feature of their property. However, owning...
How Dangerous Is Mould In Your Drywall? Our Handyman Connection Red Deer Experts Weight In
With all the buzz around mould and its potential health hazards, homeowners are understandably concerned about its presence in their...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Red Deer
Professional Home Maintenance | Handyman Connection Regina
306-352-9900
Albert Park, SK
Arcola East, SK
Harbour Landing, SK
Prairie View, SK
Regina, Saskatchewan Area
Handyman Connection in Regina
Regina, including Arcola East, Harbour Landing, Albert Park, Prairie View and surrounding areas
Lindsay Brooks
Why We Love Regina
Why Partner With Handyman Connection
1440 Fleury Street
Regina, SK S4N 5B1
Handyman Connection is locally owned and operated and has been providing home repair, renovation and maintenance services in Regina and surrounding area for over 22 years.
Our written guarantee ensures you’ll be satisfied with our dependable and skilled craftsmen, great customer service, and first class workmanship. We built our reputation on providing exceptional customer service to both residential and commercial clients and appreciate that over 70% of our work comes from repeat and referral customers.
We have always maintained an A+ rating with the Better Business Bureau and have received numerous achievement awards in recognition of our outstanding performance in the industry.
Excellent service at a reasonable cost.
Colleen HAWKSFORD
My Name is Trevor Bowering not Trent The electrician was knowledgeable courteous and kept the area clean.
He answered all our questions and provided suggestions . We'll done
Trent BOWERING
Eric was very nice and explained what was wrong with my furnace.
Janine COWAN
November 19, 2023
Very quick response to my request. Good communication by Debbie.  Booking work with plumber was easy. Showed on time. Friendly. Did a great job. Thanks.
Kim HALLARD
September 29, 2023
Bill was so helpful after the office squeezed me in for an emergency post removal! He was friendly and did it in the most efficient way, took away the post and only charged me the minimum call price!...
Nancy BALE
Was very pleased with the work that was done.  The electrician was very courteous and helpful.  We definitely use this company again.
Debbie IRELAND
I got a timely service with appropriate cost at my home. I must say that Handyman connection is a wonderful company to fix issues in a house in Regina Saskatchewan . Well done.
Amanullah PANHWAR
September 16, 2023
The whole process was very easy. Sean did a great job on my laundry room, and I will definitely call again for future jobs!!!!
Pat MILLER
August 27, 2023
Aging in Place: How a Handyman Service in Regina Can Help Seniors Maintain Their Homes
Growing old is inevitable, but that doesn't mean seniors have to leave their homes in search of greener pastures. Aging...
A Handyman in Regina’s Role in Fixing Common Plumbing Problems
Whether you are experiencing a leaky faucet, clogged drain, or a major pipe burst, plumbing issues can be a serious...
Protect Your Investment: The Importance of Sealing Your Deck
Maintenance is a crucial part of owning a home, and your deck requires regular attention to prevent damage and wear....
Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Regina
Handyman in Rockford, IL | Handyman Connection
815-963-2226
Rockford
Belvidere
Machesney Park
Loves Park
Cherry Valley
Caledonia
Handyman Connection in Rockford, IL
How Can Handyman Connection Help You in the Rockford, IL, Area?
Proudly Serving the Following Areas With Our Handyman Services:
Call Handyman Connection Today
1437 S. Bell School Rd. Suite 6
Rockford, IL 61108
Kyle Vail
Handyman Connection of Rockford is Owned and Operated by Kyle Vail.  Kyle is a Service-Connected Disabled Veteran of the US Army.  Along with his Business Administration Degree from Northern Illinois University, Kyle has 12 years of Sales and Project Management Experience within maintenance, repair, operations of facilities, and the roofing industries. Handyman Connection of Rockford is focused on ensuring first-class customer service and workmanship, to build long-lasting relationships throughout his community.
Competent work, friendly and timely.
Zena Adamson
February 15, 2024
You were very nice and very helpful
Dorothy Pierce
Good work, prompt follow up, nice people. I have already recommended the company.
Angie Locke
Cody did a great job. He hung blinds and it transformed the look of the whole bedroom. He hung a TV. Perfection! He fixed a couple of outlets that had a small issue, but it was corrected immediately....
LadyBugPub
Courteous and prompt response and service.
Kathy Stocker
Fast response by Kyle to quote the repair.
Robert Dowdakin
Well, the great customer service (can not recall his name right now).  He was always attentive, courteous and listened.  I needed a larger window to hold an A/C.  He sent someone out right away.  To b...
Marcia Koch
Very professional, they went above and beyond when they found new issues. Will definitely be using them again.
Edward Walker
How to Choose Interior Paint Colors for Your Rockford, IL Area Home
There are many things to think about when picking the right color to paint the inside of your home. We'll...
Gutter Maintenance Tips for Homes in the Rockford, IL Area
Fall is the best time to take care of gutters. As the weather gets cooler, the leaves fall off the...
Learn from the Professionals: How to Take Care of Wood Rot and Dry Rot in Rockford, IL & Surrounding Areas...
Handyman | Handyman Connection of Rockford
Professional Home Maintenance | Handyman Connection Saskatoon
306-668-4444
We offer a wide range of services for that renovation, update, or regular maintenance to keep your home functioning and safe.  We also offer financing options for those larger projects.
Handyman Connection in Saskatoon
Saskatoon, Martensville, Warman
Steve Trottier & Candace Bosch.
Locally Owned and Operated
A Welcoming Prairie Spirit
Reliable Residential & Commercial Contractors in Saskatoon
Schedule a Free, No-Obligation Consultation
#1A 501 45th Street W
Saskatoon, Saskatchewan S7L 5Z9
Steve Trottier & my name is Candace Bosch
When it comes to your home improvement projects our craftsmen have the expertise to get the job done and done right. Each one of our craftsmen has over ten years of experience and have all gone through a thorough background check. Handyman Connection of Saskatoon’s team of professionals are passionate about taking your home improvement dreams and making them a reality. Quality is what we provide…trust is what we accomplish!
Amazing communication, attention to detail, friendly workers
Eric & Dayle Skeavington & Nivon
Steve and his team made what could have been a highly stressful experience into an extremely positive one. From start to finish they were informative, accessible, accommodating and kept me up-to-date...
Patsy Maclean
I have used Handyman Connection Saskatoon for a major bathroom Reno as well as hanging new light fixtures. Excellent service, work completed on time and as described in estimate. They worked with my b...
Carol Metcalfe
Corbyn was very polite and efficient. A pleasure to have him do the work in my home.
Yvonne Cuttle
Amazing customer service. Always on time and great quality workmanship.
Kathy Cook
Logan assembled a Canvas Storage Cabinet for me. He has great attention to detail and finished the assembly in almost exactly the time he estimated. I’m very happy with the finished product. I would...
Lorna Clarke
Logan has great attention to
detail. Very impressed with the job he did. He was on time - so many trades people I've had over the years were always late. Nice to have someone that is punctual.
I very happy with the results of the work.   I was able to contact their company and get a prompt reply each time.  They give a detailed contact before the work and there is no ambiguity.
Mitra Saxena
Handyman Saskatoon: Repairing Drywall in Your Bathroom Due to Water Damage
As homeowners, we all dread the possibility of water damage and the costly repairs that come along with it. If...
Carpenter in Saskatoon: Installing Kitchen Cabinets Made Easy
Home improvements don’t have to be a daunting task - especially when upgrading your cooking space. A skilled carpenter in...
Kitchen Remodeling in Saskatoon: Storage Solutions for Every Kitchen
The kitchen is the heart of the home. It's where we gather to cook and eat with family and friends,...
License #1320502
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Saskatoon
Professional Home Maintenance | Handyman Connection Scaborough
416-261-4496
Scarborough, East York, Don Mills, East Toronto
A Little Bit More About Us
Scarborough – Toronto's Hip, Friendly Melting Pot
How We Can Help Your Home or Business
Contact Our Team Today
108-215 Morrish Road
Scarborough, ON M1C 1E9
Handyman Connection in Scarborough is a locally-owned franchise since 1997 and has completed over 12,000 jobs for customers in this part of Toronto. Our location has tradespeople that bring an extensive background in the home repair & renovation industry and they strive for quality workmanship in all that they do.
Our team strives to be your one-stop shop for all things related to handyman repairs and renovation projects. Our team understands that many homeowners have a long list of projects that need to get done, some small and some big. Instead of having to call many different service providers in plumbing, carpentry, or electrical, we help our community by having a network of professionals available to clients all in one place.
Tackling Outdoor Tasks: How a Handyman in Scarborough Can Help with Home Maintenance
Home maintenance can sometimes be a daunting task, especially when it comes to outdoor tasks like yard work, gutters, and...
Scarborough Handyman: Proactive Repairs to Improve Your Homes
As homeowners, we all know how important it is to keep our homes well-maintained. With busy schedules and competing priorities,...
Understanding Drywall Different Types and Their Uses in Scarborough Homes
If you've ever wondered about drywall installation, and its diverse types and uses in your home, you're in the right...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Scarborough, ON
Handyman Connection of Scottsdale, AZ | Handyman Home Services
602-671-3065
Guarantee
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Scottsdale area include but are not limited to:
13802 N Scottsdale Rd Suite 151 - 18
Scottsdale, AZ 85254-3403
Testimonials | Handyman Connection of Scottsdale, AZ
Handyman in Silver Spring, MD | Handyman Connection
(301) 740-8865
Howard County
Washington, DC
Prince Georges County
Montgomery County
Financing
Handyman Connection in Silver Spring, MD
How Can Our Handyman Services Help You in the Silver Spring, MD Area?
Capentry
12057 Tech Rd Suite A
Silver Spring, MD 20904
David Klein
I began my career in the construction industry in 1970’ employed by Baltimore Contractors, a multi-million dollar general contractor. Since that time I have acquired a considerable amount of knowledge in “best practices” in both commercial and residential construction environments. In 2007’ I purchased a Handyman Connection franchise location in Montgomery County Maryland. Our company specializes in offering an array of general home repair, improvement, remodeling and home renovation services with an emphasis on service, quality, and affordable pricing.
the man knew his stuff!!
Kirit Joshi
On time, Great service and Professional Service Personnel!
Tommie Alexander
Jorge was highly respectful of my home and me. He provided detailed information about what he was going to do, how long it would take and the cost up front. I felt great about the work he did that I a...
Kimberly Zeren
Respect for my home. Thoroughness, detailed explanations
Mr. Carroll was a consummate professional—from keeping me apprised of his arrival time, to carefully surveying the projects and gathering the tools he needed to complete them so that he could comple...
Valerie Broadie
Edwin was on time and listened to us about the tasks to be done. He was very pleasant and quite competent.
Bonnie Bass
Timothy Carroll communicated with me prior to arriving (as requested), carefully surveyed the two projects he was contracted to complete, and did them expertly.
He did a good job dry walling the bathroom and painting the ceiling.
Nicholas Fessenden
Organize Your Garage in the Silver Spring Area
You can do more than just park your car in your garage. If you only have one car, your garage...
Tips on How to Regrout Tile for Your Silver Spring Area Home What is the best way to regrout tile?...
Tips for Using a Caulk Gun to Help with Home Maintenance Projects for Your Silver Spring Area Home Caulk guns...
95317
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Rockville, MD
Handyman in South Shore, MA | Handyman Connection
(781) 829-3030
Quincy
Boston
Brockton
Braintree
Hanover
Plymouth
Randolph
Marshfield
Milton
Handyman Connection in South Shore, MA
What Handyman Services Do You Need in the South Shore, MA Area?
Proudly Servicing The Following Locations With Reliable Handyman Services:
819 Washington St
Hanover, MA 02339
Daniel Edwards
Daniel has over 30 years’ experience as a corporate executive, business owner and general manager, mostly in the marketing and advertising industry. Daniel has a passion for working with people and was looking for a way to give back to the community, so Handyman Connection of South Shore is a perfect fit for him. He is a licensed and insured builder and his services include simple handyman projects to home alterations and remodeling projects.
Timely, professional work, accurate estimate, fair pricing
Dan Sheehan
Coordination in making appointments in a timely and efficient manner.

Quality of work met my expectations.
Paul Swart
Great work by Chris .  Work scheduled and completed quickly.   Price was ok . The main thing about your organization is I am able to trust the quality of work and it's timely completion
Richard Lanza
Clean, quick and personable service, on time and reasonably priced.
Tracy DeMaggio
Jack Horgan
Service
Mike Martin
I was pleased with the work that was done.  Your team member completed the work timely and did a professional job.
Dennis Childs
Easy to book and reliable.
Mindy Davies
Organize Your Garage in the Hanover, MA Area
Your garage is more than just a place to keep your car. If you only have one car, your garage...
Learn from the Professionals: How to Take Care of Wood Rot and Dry Rot in Hanover, MA & Surrounding Areas...
Learn How to Choose an Exterior Paint Color in Hanover, MA & Surrounding Areas Changing your home’s color, giving it...
License #188809
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of South Shore | Hanover, MA
Handyman in Spring, TX l Handyman Connection
(832) 680-5559
Spring
The Woodlands
Houston
Shenandoah
Avanak
Oak Ridge North
Klein
Loueta
Rayford
Handyman Connection of Spring, TX
What Handyman Services Do You Need in the Spring, TX Area?
Handyman Connection of Spring
2002 Timberloch Pl Suite 200
The Woodlands, TX 77380
Arron Kent
Work is top notch. Repaired drywall on ceiling and matched 20 year old paint for the wall and ceiling (2 different colors). Needed them on short notice and they showed up on time. Highly recommend Han...
Jason Reynolds
Workmanship and timeliness. Done
I was very happy with the repairs performed
Sonya Burns
-Reasonable pricing (My husband is in construction as well.) 
-Return time on estimate. 
-Professional job.
Pat Shook
Very professional! The team was amazing. I am thrilled with their home repair services.
Rebecca Lima
Easy to communicate with. Personable technician. Quick efficient work
Christy Cree
The speediness of the service rendered before the winter blast hit.
Eloise Rossi
Fantastic communication and easy to work with, very genuine
Michelle Hicks
Professional Home Maintenance | Handyman Connection of Etobicoke
416-240-8757
Toronto
Toronto West
Etobicoke
Handyman Connection in Etobicoke
Etobicoke – Suburban Living Close to the City
Count On Us for Help With Home Projects
Call for a Quote
Handyman Connection of Toronto
168 A Oakdale Road, Unit 11
Toronto, ON M3N 2S5
Daniel Odegbami
Welcome to the Handyman Connection of Toronto West, By contacting us for your home improvement needs you will be most thrilled with our first class Craftsmen and a very personalized service from the initial contact, a free no obligation onsite estimate to completing the work, we guarantee a pleasant and enjoyable experience and delivering high quality workman ship, I invite you to join over 12000 satisfied Clients since 1998.
We have recently finished upgrading our main shower and are extremely happy! Professional workmanship with attention to detail. See pictures. Our grateful thanks to Daniel and Winston! We are blessed...
Maria Louisa Pinto
Handyman Connection took care of my kitchen remodel, and I must say, they were nothing short of amazing. As agreed, they removed a load-bearing wall and replaced it with a beam as per the approved dra...
Vanesa M.
October 9, 2023
Before choosing Handyman Connection, my bathroom was outdated with leaking fixtures, presenting both aesthetic and functional problems. It was time to modernize it. Handyman Connection’s exceptional...
Swift_Flickz
October 1, 2023
Our outdated, cramped bathroom was a daily struggle in terms of functionality and aesthetics. What set Handyman Connection apart was their unparalleled attention to detail, commitment to our vision, a...
Alex G.
Before opting for Handyman Connection for our bathroom remodel, we were grappling with an outdated and cramped space that no longer met our family's needs for a functional and modern bathroom. What tr...
Griffin J.
We will use this company again.They were professional and did a wonderful job.
Bros Vich
Khalid is very knowledgeable technician and provided us with good recommendations. I will definitely work with him again.
Jana Couto
September 7, 2023
Handyman in Mississauga: Fixing a Leaky Faucet
Are you tired of that constant drip, drip, drip from your faucet? Not only is it annoying, it can also...
Aging in Place: How a Handyman in Mississauga Helps Install Smoke Detectors and Other Safety Equipment
As we age, safety and comfort become a top priority. Aging in place has become a popular trend among older...
Understanding the Challenges of Aging in Place: How Handyman Connection Etobicoke Can Help
As we age, our living needs evolve, and our homes must evolve as well to accommodate these changes. “Aging in...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Etobicoke
Professional Home Maintenance | Handyman Connection Vaughan
604-878-5232
Delta
Langley
New Westminster
Richmond
Surrey
White Rock
Handyman Connection in Vancouver
#106 - 8557 Government Street
Burnaby, BC V3N 4S9
Deepak Singh
Deepak Singh is the owner of the Handyman Connection Vancouver Franchise. Along with his team of highly skilled tradesmen, Deepak strives to provide the best quality of craftsmanship and customer satisfaction. At Handyman Connection, customer connection is a top priority, and the best solutions to leverage time and budget for each job are at the forefront. No job is too small or large for Deepak and his team of experts.
As the Vancouver Handyman Connection Operations Manager, Jannat shares the same vision and business goals as Deepak. Together, they offer exceptional customer service and pride themselves in the integrity of the work they provide in their community. Jannat is always available to ensure Handyman Connection has a team of highly skilled tradesmen, ready to tackle any project. Contact Handyman Connection of Vancouver for all your residential or commercial needs today!
Mike was punctual, polite and efficient.He completed the work in just over an hour.
Susan Chambers
Very good communication. Efficient. On budget. Very pleased with the work.
Sandra Proulx
December 26, 2023
We were very pleased.
Trevor Jones
December 22, 2023
This was our first time reaching out to Handyman Connection and I wish we had done it sooner. They are very professional, easy to talk to and connected us with our Handyman, Ahmad. They were fast to b...
Michelle
I very much appreciate that carpenter Ahmad recommended that I have a sliding closet door installed instead of having the broken pivot door replaced, because there is less problem with the sliding doo...
Jeannie Chow
August 31, 2023
Great service
Scott Bruce
August 30, 2023
The fellow that came did an amazing job! Thanks
Gaby Mayer
March 25, 2023
Came in did the job well, headed out. Great service
Douglas Foley
January 30, 2023
Essential Deck Maintenance Services from a Professional Handyman in Vancouver
Imagine basking in the warm Vancouver sun, a stunning view laid out before you - all from the comfort of...
The Financial Benefits of Aging in Place: A Guide for Seniors and Their Families in Vancouver
As we grow older, facing the prospect of moving into a care home is daunting for many. The idea of...
From Bins to Bike Racks: Diverse Garage Storage Ideas by Handyman Connection Vancouver
Feeling overwhelmed by the clutter in your garage? Perhaps you're struggling to keep track of your tools, or you can't...
Request an Estimate | Handyman Connection of North Fraser | Burnaby, BC
905-884-7678
Concord
Markham
Richmond Hill
Vaughan
Woodbridge
Handyman Connection in Vaughan
Our Commitment to Southern Ontario
Our Dedication to Quality Results
An Easy Way To Start Your New Project
26-1950A HWY 7W
Vaughan, ON L4K 3P2
Emil
Ed! The person you sent, Ed, wa terrific.  Did a wonderful job.  Very pleased.
Halina Rogers
December 28, 2023
Service and quality of service
Bond Lake Management group inc.
Didn't expect such a good result in such a short time. Will always contact them
Adam Vallion
October 16, 2023
Another excellent job handled - on time, efficient and performed the work very well. Fully satisfied.
Blair Rogerson
Handyman Connection Just finished my bathroom i am so happy with them very good people to work with and clean job every day thank you so much i will redo my other bathroom with you in few weeks.
Alex Lexa
Excellent people with professional workmanship
Elias Boyd
May 31, 2023
Very quick response and quick service!  thank you for the awesome customer service!! Will definitely use Handyman Connection again and will highly recommend to friends and family.
Mike Vance
May 1, 2023
Vaughan Handyman Solutions: Repairing Hardwood Floor Scratches and Dents
If you're a homeowner in Vaughan, flooring repair is something you know all too well. With constant foot traffic and...
Vaughan Handyman Guide to Patching Up Holes in Walls
Are you tired of looking at those unsightly holes in your walls? As a homeowner, it's important to keep your...
The Top 5 Home Repairs You Shouldn’t DIY in Vaughan
Welcome to our latest blog post, where we will discuss the top 5 home repairs that are better left to...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Vaughan
Professional Home Maintenance | Handyman Connection Victoria
250-384-4969
Nanaimo
Victoria
Colwood
Saanich
Central Saanich
Metchosin
Langford
Esquimalt
Sooke
Brentwood Bay
Cobble Hill
Duncan
Chemainus
Lake Cowichan
Cowichan Bay
Ladysmith
Shawnigan Lake
Port Alberni
Handyman Connection in Victoria
Our Services in the Victoria Area
Special Considerations for Senior Customers
Consider Handyman Connection For Your Project
598 Head St.
Victoria, BC V9A 5S7
For every need that may arise, Handyman Connection of Victoria, BC is committed to providing you with dependable and skilled handymen, great customer service, and first class workmanship. Just one call or click brings our expertise right to your door. Our Victoria, BC handyman team can help turn your “to-do” list into “done”.
Home remodelling and repairs are what we get excited about. We are the solution for all of your Victoria, BC home improvement projects. Whether you need something installed, built, fixed or maintained, our handyman company is your reliable and trusted partner for all your home improvement, maintenance, home repair, renovating, and home remodelling needs. For any handyman services you may need, we have the experts at Handyman Connection of Victoria, BC.
Our Victoria, BC handyman mission is the same as yours — making your home a great place to live. As North America’s original — and leading — home maintenance specialists, you can rest easy knowing your home improvement, repair, renovation or home remodelling job is in experienced hands. We’re not just proud of our workmanship — we guarantee it.
Dave and his mate worked hard and efficiently and it was good to have the whole job done in one day.
Alan Batten
Fast response from the office, job done quickly. Great communication I have already done this
The handyman were on time and did a good job.  Pleasant and helpful
Joy Huebert
Easy friendly communication with understanding of my needs
Frank Canacari
Thank you Mrs. Alicia Malone for not disappointing me like other traders are doing. Why won't i tell the world of how awesome Mrs. Alicia Malone fx trading platform is? that real traders are still out...
Cathrine Cathy
Good service
Elly Bagheri
Our carpenter David came out shortly after our call and gave us a quote. After adding a few changes and supplying a new quote he was able to get started almost immediately. The workmanship is solid an...
Darius Kriese
Handyman Victoria: How a Plumber Can Solve Your Low Water Pressure Problems
Is low water pressure spoiling your joyful morning showers, making washing dishes a headache, or causing your laundry to take forever?...
What Are The Best Types Of Flooring For Dogs In A Victoria Home?
As a dog owner, it's important to consider the types of flooring suitable for your furry friend. If you're living...
Custom Woodworking: Adding Unique Touches to Your Home in Victoria
Custom woodworking is an excellent way to add a unique touch to your home. It's a process that combines artistry...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Victoria, BC
Handyman Connection of Wheaton | General Handyman Services | Glen Ellyn, IL
(630) 315-2900
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Contact us now!
Proudly Serving: Glen Ellyn, Wheaton, Carol Stream, Elmhurst, Lombard, Oak Brook,
West Chicago, Winfield, Naperville, Downers Grove, & Hinsdale
Home Remodeling
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Wheaton area include but are not limited to:
Assisted Living
being your lifetime connection for all your home improvement needs.
526 Crescent Blvd Ste 318
Glen Ellyn, IL 60137
Shad Martin
When it comes to your home improvement projects our craftsmen have the expertise to get the job done and done right. Each one of our craftsmen has over seven years of experience and have all gone through a thorough background check. Handyman Connection of Wheaton’s team of professionals is passionate about taking your home improvement dreams and making them a reality. From one-hour project to full removal. We are the one stop shop for all of your home improvement needs.
Workers are very nice
Dawn Baker
Shad was very reliable. He was on time, knew his craft very well and efficiently completed all aspects of the job.
Vincent Arena
December 30, 2023
The price was reasonable and the job was completed  quickly and efficiently.
Vince Arena
Shad made it great. Very knowledgeable and friendly. Price is good as well. He also made some recommendations that we will definitely take.
Rick Zygadto
December 5, 2023
On time, friendly, knowledgeable staff,
Katie Curi
November 30, 2023
Shad was friendly, very polite and knowledgeable. Work was done correctly and quickly. Just a really nice guy. I would definitely recommend Handyman Connections.
Heidi Sturm
Handyman connection provided my family home, work with quality craftsmanship. They also followed up with the completion of the project to make sure you are happy with the work. Definitely am a return...
Shirley Scribner
Knowledgeable,work was done quickly , friendly.
HANDYMAN CONNECTION OF Wheaton HONORED WITH “BEST OF HOMEADVISOR AWARD” RECOGNITION BY CUSTOMERS
Glen Ellyn, IL (July 13, 2020) — Handyman Connection of Wheaton, a home repair company, announced today it has earned the “Best...
April 2nd, 2020 — Wheaton, IL — The team at Handyman Connection in Wheaton, IL has been monitoring the ongoing...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Wheaton | Glen Ellyn, IL
Handyman in Wichita, KS | Handyman Connection
(316) 425-9292
Benton
Derby
Greenwich
Kechi
Rose Hill
Wichita
We’re here for you!
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Wichita area include but are not limited to:
450 North 159th St E
Wichita, KS 67230
Ray Alwidyan
I am committed to ensuring our craftsmen provide top-notch customer service and high-quality workmanship that our customers have known to expect and appreciate from Handyman Connection of Wichita East. We are proud to serve Wichita and the surrounding areas.
He took initiative to resolve the issue. He was cooperative and worked well to get the job done.
Amitabh Vyas
Bashar was busy but Antoine did a marvelous job of getting grab bars put in. Also, he couldn't have been kinder.
Michael Shreefer
Antoine couldn't have been been more gracious and his work is outstanding.
Very professional and thorough!
Sandy Swank
He did a great job and got my door working again He was very helpful and figured out how to get my door fixed
Sheryl Whittecar
Don’t mind leaving a review but don’t want to set up another account
Julia Mcleod
Excellent quality of work. Attention to detail on what we wanted was followed. Professional crews and great cleanup.
Monique Gaines
August 15, 2023
Overall we are pleased with the work done rebuilding our deck. We found a couple of little things that aren't quite right and they are going to fix them.
Steve Wilcox
August 3, 2023
Add Curb Appeal to Your Wichita Area Home Curb appeal refers to the appearance of a property or building. The...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Wichita East | Wichita, KS
Handyman Services in Hampstead and Wilmington, NC | Handyman Connection
910-970-4200
Wilmington
Hampstead
Leland
Southport
Burgaw
Oak Island
Handyman Connection in Wilmington, NC
Need Handyman Services in the Wilmington, Hampstead, and Leland, NC, Area?
Our Handyman Team Proudly Serves the Following Locations:
We are looking for experienced handyman professionals to join our local home maintenance services team today!
We are the original- and leading- local home maintenance services company in North America
We take pride in our home maintenance work
Handyman Service Craftsmanship Trust Community Home
And being your lifetime connection for all your local home maintenance service needs
6413 Amsterdam Way Unit A
Wilmington, NC 28405
Hello, my name is Chris Sikes.
Handyman Connection of Wilmington is locally owned and operated by Chris Sikes. Chris is a Veteran of the US Army, where he served proudly for 13 years. With more than 17 years in the home construction field, we are committed to excellent customer service alongside top quality workmanship. We take great pride in hiring, and as such, our craftsman are experts in their trades and are background checked for your security and peace of mind. We look forward to taking your repairs and remodeling dreams to reality and beyond. We believe that quality is in the name and trust is in the relationship at Handyman Connection of Wilmington.
Very detailed. He knows his stuff! Very witty if you can get his mind off of work.
Dana Tart
Good communication & performance quality
Robert Stamp
Competitive price, friendly staff.
Justin Porter
Courtesy   quality work and timely
Albert B Crawley III
Chris Sikes
Your handyman was very polite and professional. He quickly and easily resolved an unexpected issue with a valve under the sink. We will tell our friends that your work is excellent.
Diane Bertelsen
Paul was pleasant professional, and tightened a leaky valve successfully.
It was an unexpected issue that he resolved.
They came on time, they finished in less than an hour and were very cordial and polite.
Toyn Struble
How to Create the Perfect Home Office
Top Tips on How to Create the Perfect Home Office in Wilmington, NC & Surrounding Areas The best home office...
Gutter Maintenance Tips for Homes in the Wilmington Area
Learn from the Professionals: How to Take Care of Wood Rot and Dry Rot in Wilmington, NC & Surrounding Areas...
Handyman | Handyman Connection of Wilmington, NC
Handyman Connection of Winchester, VA | Handyman Repair Services
(540) 450-0671
Berkeley Springs
Berryville
Boyce
Bunker Hill
Clear Brook
Charles Town
Winchester
Harpers Ferry
Stephens City
Stephenson
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Winchester, VA area include but are not limited to:
1838 Roberts St
Winchester, VA 22601
Bryan Peters
Since 2008, Bryan Peters has been proud to own and operate Handyman Connection of Winchester. Bryan brings years of experience to Handyman Connection. He has an extensive background in construction, home repair, remodeling and handyman services. Bryan owns and operates Handyman Connection of Winchester, VA along with his wife Tiffany Peters. They are committed to providing customers with excellent workmanship and superior customer service!
Paul was excellent
Joelle Green
Dave was knowledgeable and professional. Easy to work with and did an excellent job.
William Schartel
Came out and did a great job!
Matthew Friend
Paul, our handyman was on time, professional, and provided excellent workmanship. We are now planning to have him do a kitchen tile back splash.
Thomas Graziano
Paul, our handyman, was on time, professional, and provided excellent skill in tackling our requested projects. We are now in the process of scheduling a tile backsplash in our kitchen.
Tom Graziano
I love my hand railing on my porch. I would recommend Handyman Connection to every one.
Donna Snodd
December 31, 2023
The railing looks wonderful.  I would recommend the handyman connection to anyone.  I just love it!!!!
Donna Maria Snoddy
He got right to work and had it done in no time and ensured to the door mechanism functioned properly
Susan Rodriguez
2022 Winchester Home and Garden Showcase
Spring Virtual Home Show Turn your dreams into reality! Planning your dream kitchen or your very own backyard oasis? We...
Home Is Always A Work in Progress – Update Your Home’s Curb Appeal
Q: What are some ideas for sprucing up my home’s exterior? A: It’s common to get bored with the appearance...
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Winchester, VA
Professional Home Maintenance | Handyman Connection Winnipeg
204-895-1744
Crestview
Deacon’s Corner
Bronx Park
Headingley
Linden Woods
Winnipeg
Charleswood
West Saint Paul
East Saint Paul
Southdale
Wolseley
Handyman Connection in Winnipeg
Garrett Anderson
Meet Our Franchise and Team
Winnipeg – The Heart of Canada
Turn to Us for All of Your Renovation and Repairs
Find Out More About What We Offer
204-1080 Wall Street
Winnipeg, MB R3E 2R9
I’m the owner of Handyman Connection of Winnipeg – your connection to expert home repairs, remodeling, and carpentry by experienced, licensed tradespeople. We were the first Handyman Connection franchise in Canada and have been serving customers in the Winnipeg area from 1995.
He was efficient with the work he did. Had all the parts on hand so that he didn't have to run to the store to get something. Knew his stuff.

Only potential issue was that he couldn't make the first...
Jacques Bosc
Helpful staff
Jonathan Tebbi
Great personnel.
Bob Rhynard
Everyone was great at answering my questions and giving me proper details.
Maria Unrau
Friendly, easy to book, everyone that comes out to work has been wonderful
Chelle Barrett
I have used handyman connection a few times now and the service and job is always outstanding from their work to even cleaning up after their job . I highly recommend this company and is always my fir...
Connie Allen
Helpful, quick, had good advice for how to handle future projects
Lauren Chance
the assessment was thorough and the assessor was knowledgeable and friendly name of assessor was Henry
Rosella Morse
How a Handyman in Winnipeg Can Assist with Lighting Installations and Repairs
If you're a homeowner in need of reliable house maintenance services in Winnipeg, you may be wondering where to start....
Boosting Curb Appeal: How a Handyman in Winnipeg Can Enhance Your Home’s Exterior with a Fresh Coat of Paint
Your home's exterior plays a crucial role in creating a lasting impression. It's the first thing that visitors see when...
Winnipeg Home Safety Checks: What Every Homeowner Needs to Know
Your home should be your castle - a safe and welcoming space where the worries of the world become a...
Request an Estimate | Handyman Connection of Winnipeg, MB
Handyman in Winter Park, FL l Handyman Connection
(407) 618-5550
Nice to Meet You!
We offer a variety of services for either that fresh new look, or for a small update or quick maintenance touchup. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. During the an estimate appointments, our experts engage with the customers, walkthrough the project and exchange feedback.
Handyman Connection of Winter Park, FL
How Can We Help You in the Winter Park, FL Area With Our Handyman Services?
Proudly Serving the Winter Park, FL Area With Handyman Services:
We offer a wide range of services for that fresh look, or just maintenance or updates to keep your home functioning and safe. Regardless of the size of the job, we have a craftsman that can tackle it. Our services in the Winter Park area include but are not limited to:
1850 Lee Road, Suite 313
Winter Park, FL 32789
Brien Borden
“Hi there, I’m quite fortunate to be welcomed in the Winter Park community. It’s my sincere desire to deliver quality work, along with superior customer service. Our team brings years of experience, accompanied by extensive backgrounds.
Our goal here at Handyman Connection is to commit and do right by our customers. It’s not to perform just one job, but to earn your business and become your one source lifetime partner for all  your home repair and remodeling projects.”
Great Service, Good quality for the Value- Absolutely - genuine, honest and good people. Handymanconnection in winter-park Handymanconnection in winter-park, Florida 1850 Lee Road, Suite 313 Winter Pa...
Sridhar Called Sri Aka Drjustkid R.
🙏Brian and Bryson manages the office, I believe:) Assumption. Brian is a top notch in this town for Handyman Connection. Brian is genuine, honest and he knows the job also...Only there is no miltii...
Sri Rang
Excellent technician and communication
David Sherer
He was knowledgeable and helpful
David Bonner
Brian and Bryson manages the office, I believe:) Assumption. Brian is a top notch in this town for Handyman Connection. Brian is genuine, honest and he knows the job also...Only there is no miltiiary...
Sridhar called Sri aka Dr.JustKidding Rangaswamy
Great service, very accommodating, wonderful work, fair price
Ivan Kaiser
Job well done!
Mary Valles
Carlos delivered a great customer service.
Adonis Mello
How to Remove Water Stains on Plaster and Drywall
It’s normal to feel worried when you notice water stains on your wall or ceiling. These could potentially mean a...
Helping to Protect our Community from Coronavirus Spread
To our valued customers, Our top priority is the safety and well-being of everyone we connect with. We recognize that...
A Simple Guide to Baby-Proofing Your Home
Baby-proofing your home should be on your list of to-dos to ensure a safe environment for your little bundle of...
Certified Building Contractor 1262186
Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection of Winter Park, FL
Handyman Business Franchise Ownership Opportunities | Handyman Connection
Why Us? Local Handyman Business Franchise Ownership Opportunities
Discover Local Handyman Business Franchise Ownership Opportunities with Handyman Connection
For over 30 years, Handyman Connection has made it a priority to equip our franchisees with the skills, knowledge, and tools to grow their businesses.
With our brand standards in mind, we strive to provide all potential handyman business franchise owners with as much information and training as possible. Our training is designed to help local handyman business franchise owners expand and evolve within a changing business environment, providing unique franchise ownership opportunities for aspiring entrepreneurs. We have reviewed and revised our brand platform to accurately fit our place and position in the market and capitalize on the growing demand for reliable home repair and improvement services. We have reviewed the landscape in our ecosystem and have strategically moved towards a heavy investment of resources into technology to further advance our franchise owners providing them with one-of-a-kind franchise ownership opportunities in the thriving home services industry. We have invested in our training and support systems while re-engineering our business model to better position our handyman business franchise owners for growth and success in their start-up.
Top Reasons Franchisees Love Owning a Handyman Connection Franchise
Home repair and home remodeling is a vibrant industry that has numerous demand factors in place for a sustained period of time.
The opportunity to generate a portfolio of multi-purchase, repeat customers.
Offers a simple business model that requires no inventory and low overhead.
Offers you flexibility, both in your time and in your lifestyle.
Offers you freedom from the corporate grind and gives you the ability to make your own decisions to grow and build a business as you want it to be.
As a Handyman Connection franchisee, you work for yourself, but not by yourself.
Home Office Support – we offer the right mix of guidance and autonomy.
The ability to interact with, support and service your local community.
You will have the ability to interact with and learn from other handyman business franchise owners, customers, and home improvement craftsmen to provide services to homeowners.
6 C's Brand Experience
Our proven process. Your Success.
Cultivate
Contact
Book the appointment
Confirm
Commit
Land the job
Complete
Do the work
Connect
What else can we do?
Handyman Connection Team | Handyman Connection
Meet the Handyman Connection Team
Get to know our amazing Handyman Connection team
Welcome to Handyman Connection, your trusted home improvement partner! Allow us to introduce you to the professional and reliable members of our Handyman Connection team who will give you peace of mind when it comes to improving your home.
When planning home improvement tasks, we recognize the importance of selecting a trustworthy partner. Since 1993, the Handyman Connection team has been cultivating trust on a nationwide scale, ensuring your confidence in every project we undertake. With a passion for craftsmanship and a commitment to excellence, our Handyman Connection team members are dedicated to treating each project with the utmost respect and ensuring quality workmanship that stands the test of time. Get to know our Handyman Connection team members below!
Our Development Team
Director of Franchise Development
Adam Schmidt
Adam enjoys working with candidates and advising them about how our home service model can be a new life adventure and successful business opportunity. He understands that relationships are essential to our partnerships with owners, coaches, and consultants. He likes that Handyman Connection has the support and processes in place to guide our owners to success. Adam has a strong entrepreneurial drive and comes to Handyman Connection with a history of business creation and ownership. Before joining the team, Adam held multiple management and ownership positions in the bicycle and event promotion industries. Throughout the year, he and his wife enjoy outdoor activities with their four daughters and supporting their athletic passions.
Steve Lane
Steve is a seasoned professional with a wealth of experience in the home services industry. Steve's entrepreneurial spirit led him to successfully run his own franchise for four years. This hands-on experience provided him with valuable insights into the operational aspects of the business. During his career, he has served as General Manager at College Pro Painters, Vice President of Launch at Premium Service Brands, and Vice President of 360 Painting. He has excelled at coaching and mentoring franchise owners, empowering them to achieve their goals and drive success.
With an impressive track record of leadership and a passion for helping others thrive, Steve brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to his role at Handyman Connection having worked in franchising for 20 years.
Our Executive Team
President and CEO
Jeff Wall
Jeff Wall joined College Pro Painters as a franchisee in 1990 while attending the University of Illinois. After graduating from the School of Business, Jeff joined College Pro full-time in 1992 as a General Manager and moved up through the organization to become President of the US West in 2001. In 2008, Jeff joined CertaPro Painters as the Regional Vice President of the Midwest and Southeast divisions. In 2009, he added the responsibilities of the West and Central Regions. In January of 2010, Jeff became the President of Handyman Connection. After spending 23 years working in the First Service Brands family, Jeff purchased Handyman Connection from First Service Brands in 2013.
Executive Vice President
Brian Honeyman
Brian has held various management and executive roles in the franchising industry for over 25 years, including numerous inter-national franchise systems and organizations. He has worked as a business consultant and performance coach with HCG and Global Franchise Partners. He was EVP of the Signal 88 Security franchise organization and the President of the Dallas-Fort Worth franchise group. He has also served as Managing Partner and President of the California Closets in Dallas-Fort Worth and as President of College Pro Painters, East division. Brian’s career in franchising began when he owned a College Pro franchise while earning his bachelors of commerce degree at the University of Calgary.
Vice President, Marketing
Angelique McMillan
Angelique joined Handyman Connection as our Regional Marketing Manager in 2017 and transferred positions to Vice President of Marketing in July of 2022.  For the 6 years prior to Handyman Connection, Angelique served as National Account Executive for a national marketing agency working with home service franchise brands, building, and executing lead generation, brand awareness and retention campaigns.  Angelique has been leading marketing for various franchise brands for over 17 years and is responsible for managing and executing our brand marketing budget and programs that help support local and national growth.  Angelique has a strong passion for continuing to build and grow the Handyman Connection footprint across North America.
Our Support Team
Controller
Rhonda Lillard
Rhonda joined Handyman Connection in 2002. She works closely with new franchisees on the initial setup of accounting software and processes. Rhonda also handles all accounting functions for Handyman Connection corporate. Rhonda gained experience in the accounting field working in both the manufacturing and construction industries while attending Northern Kentucky University, where she obtained her undergraduate degree in Accounting and a Master in Business Administration.
Director of Information Technology
Lynda Roberts
Lynda brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to her role. With a distinguished 30-year career in IT, she has an exceptional track record in sectors like distribution and healthcare.  Lynda's journey in the tech world began modestly, entering data into computer systems. This grassroots experience equipped her with invaluable insights, which propelled her through various roles—ranging from night operator to programmer, and finally to network administrator, manager, and director. For sixteen impactful years, Lynda served as a lead programmer and project manager at AcuSport Corporation. Here, she spearheaded multiple software integrations and migrations, marking her as a force to be reckoned with in the IT sphere.  In 2007, she shifted her focus to DASCO Home Medical Equipment, playing an instrumental role in the company's expansion from a modest fifteen locations to an impressive network of over 30 across the United States.
Lynda is deeply committed to expanding the Handyman Connection brand's reach. Her passion lies in leveraging technology to empower our franchises, ensuring their ultimate success.
Director of Operations
Paul Collum
Paul has coached sports and business at all ages for the last sixteen years and enjoys finding out how each individual person is motivated to succeed. The last eight years he served as a Franchise Business Coach, oversaw national accounts growth and facility partner relationships for Fish Window Cleaning Services. He also led sales training, sales manager retention and recruitment strategies while overseeing a national call center. Paul has a project management, systems, and lean process improvement training background. In his current role, Paul oversees Franchise Owner training and coaching, goal setting, team leadership, and financial reviews, as well as leading the team of General Managers and Franchise Coaches.
Director of Local Marketing
Aja Gregory
Aja’s role with Handyman Connection is focused on ensuring strong lead flow, managing vendor partner relationships, monitoring, and evaluating local marketing campaign success, exploring new opportunities for lead generation and coaching franchisees on performance and ROI. Aja joined Handyman Connection in 2022 to add marketing support and coaching to franchisees during the launch and startup of their business. Aja brings over 15 years’ experience to Handyman Connection working with home service franchise brands, helping them implement and manage successful digital marketing campaigns across the US.
Franchise Trainer and General Manager
Praiss Barron
Praiss leads new Handyman Connection owners through the process of establishing their new businesses and learning the systems and procedures of operating a Handyman Connection franchise. For the last six years, he has served in multiple roles in the home services industry from training and coaching business owners to leading an operations team responsible for franchisee marketing support, financial review, and technology development for the franchise system. In a prior life, Praiss was an attorney and a football coach. He enjoys assisting people develop new skillsets and partnering them with systems to help them achieve their goals.
Recruitment Manager
Ethan Hurst
Ethan joined Handyman Connection in 2022. For the 10 years prior to Handyman Connection, Ethan was the Lead Field Technician for Haylo Window Cleaning. In 2020, he progressed to the Regional Operations Director of Florida Accounts. He assisted in overseeing nation-wide contracts with national associations such as the FAA and VA. His current role with Handyman Connection is focused on ensuring offices maintain positive applicant flow by implementing recruiting best practices. Ethan also works closely with offices by screening applicants, making initial contact, and scheduling in-person interviews with candidates that best meet the office’s needs.
Franchise Ownership Opportunities | Handyman Connection Franchise
Testimonials from our Franchisees
Franchise Owner Experiences
The Owner Playbook
Controlling Your Own Destiny
Exceeding Customer Expectations | Handyman Connection
Handyman Connection Business Franchise – The Journey Forward
Discovery Day
Explain your initial training experience
Why attend a Handyman Connection conference?
Why choose to own a franchise vs. doing it on your own?
What are important skills to have when buying a franchise?
What are Flight groups?
Elevator Pitch for Handyman Connection
Tell us about the Handyman Connection culture
Load More
Awards and Recognition | Handyman Connection
Handyman Connection Ranks in the Franchise Times Top 500
Handyman Connection has been ranked in the top 500 franchise brands by Franchise Times! The Franchise Times Top 500 is an exclusive annual ranking of the 500 largest U.S.-based franchise systems by global systemwide sales. The project is the result of a five-month research and reporting effort each year that results in the most credible and objective franchise ranking available.
Handyman Connection Once Again Ranked the #1 Handyman Company by Qualified Remodeler!
Handyman Connection is proud to announce our inclusion in Qualified Remodeler’s 44th annual TOP 500 Remodelers List! Our brand was ranked No. 71 in this year’s TOP 500 remodelers of 2022. We were also listed as the top performer in the handyman category and ranked as the No. 7 national remodeler based on total remodeling revenue. Thank you Qualified Remodeler for these awards awards and recognition!
Handyman Connection Ranked in Top 50 of Qualified Remodeler’s HIP 200 List for 2021
Qualified Remodeler recently announced its annual ranking of the largest home improvement contractors in the United States by revenue, and Handyman Connection is honored to be highlighted in the top 50 for the 11th year in a row. The 2021 Home Improvement Pro 200 places us in the top quarter of companies achieving impressive sales milestones as we close out another successful year. Congratulations to all of our local teams for their dedication to their customers and to quality craftsmanship - your hard work is so deserving of these awards and recognition.
Handyman Connection has been ranked as the #1 Handyman Company by Qualified Remodeler!
For the 11th consecutive year, Handyman Connection took the top spot in the handyman category and was recognized as the #7 national remodeler.  Qualified Remodeler, the premier publication serving remodelers and home improvement companies in the United States, has tracked the industry’s largest and most successful companies since 1978. Becoming the best handyman franchise is quite the feat and we feel proud to be recognized as a premier member in these rankings.
Entrepreneur Magazine- Hottest Franchise Categories of 2021
We know it’s a great time to own your own home improvement business, but it’s gratifying to see @EntMagazine say it too. Home improvement was chosen as one of the top 10 hottest categories in franchising, with Handyman Connection on the list of brands to consider.
Entrepreneur Franchise 500 – Top Franchise for Veterans 2020
Handyman Connection is pleased to announce that we made the Entrepreneur Franchise 500 Top Franchise for Veterans list for 2020.
Click below to see us on Entrepreneur
Handyman Connection Included in Top 50 of Qualified Remodeler’s HIP 200 List for 2020
Handyman Connection placed #44 on Qualified Remodeler’s HIP 200 list as a top home improvement professional contractor for the 10th consecutive year!
“It is a tremendous honor to be named a top home improvement contractor by Qualified Remodeler,” said CEO and President Jeff Wall. “This award recognizes Handyman Connection’s dedication to quality work and we are excited to continue delivering top-notch service and expertise to customers all across the nation.”
https://franchiseopportunity.handymanconnection.com/press/handyman-connection-made-franchise-times-2020-top-200-list/
The Franchise Times Top 200+ is an annual ranking of the 500 largest franchise systems in the United States by global system-wide sales, based on the previous year’s performance.
“We are thrilled to be named a Top 200+ franchise by Franchise Times once again,” said Jeff Wall, CEO of Handyman Connection. “This recognition is a true testament to our accomplishments as a brand over the past year and we look forward to continued growth and success in the year ahead.”
Qualified Remodeler’s 2020 Top 500
Handyman Connection is deeply honored to be recognized by Qualified Remodeler’s 2020 Top 500 list for the tenth consecutive year, earning the #1 spot as the Leading Home Repair Franchise by Industry Publication!
Qualified Remodeler is a leading publication serving remodelers and home improvement companies in the U.S.
Each year, Qualified Remodeler showcases the top remodelers of the year featuring those that showcase outstanding business achievements, industry certification, and community service.
“It is a tremendous honor to be named a top remodeler of 2020 by Qualified Remodeler,” said CEO and President Jeff Wall. “This award recognizes Handyman Connection’s decades worth of success and we are excited to continue delivering quality service and expertise to customers all across the nation.”
Additional information on the Top 500 can be found in the August issue of Qualified Remodeler and find the full list by clicking "Learn More."
2019 Top Franchises For Veterans Ranking
Handyman Connection ranked among Entrepreneur’s ranking of the top 150 franchises offering incentives and other programs to help veterans become franchisees.
Handyman Connection Made the Franchise Times Top 200+
The 2019 Franchise Times Top 200+ list officially went live this week, and Handyman Connection made the ranking at No. 460.
The Top 200+ is an annual ranking of the 500 largest franchise systems in the United States by global system-wide sales, based on the previous year’s performance. The project is the result of a five-month research and reporting effort each year that results in the most credible and objective franchise ranking available.
Qualified Remodeler’s 2019 Top 500
Handyman Connection is incredibly honored to be recognized on Qualified Remodeler’s 2019 Top 500 list for the ninth consecutive year, earning the #1 spot in the handyman category! Each year, Qualified Remodeler showcases the top remodelers of the year featuring those that showcase outstanding business achievements, industry certification and community service. We are extremely proud to be a recipient of these awards and recognition for almost a decade and honored with this achievement, and sincerely thank our dedicated franchisees, home team and craftsmen systemwide for helping us continue to excel.
Featured on Franchising USA
HANDYMAN CONNECTION WINS INAUGURAL FRANCHISE UPDATE MEDIA 2019 INNOVATION AWARD
BLUE ASH, OH (Aug. 6, 2019) — Handyman Connection, a home repair company with more than 25 years of experience, announced today it was recognized by Franchise Update Media for its outstanding innovation in local marketing leadership. Franchise Update Media conducted its first-ever Franchise Innovation Awards contest this past spring and identified the franchisors that have created and implemented the most original and successful innovative strategies and tactics to build their brand.
A jury of nine judges evaluated the campaigns, innovations, objectives, and results of more than 90 entrants. Franchise innovators, industry game-changers and disruptors competed in four categories: Marketing & Branding, Products & Services, Operations, and Human Resources. Handyman Connection was recognized in the Marketing & Branding category for it’s localized marketing efforts to increase franchisees ability to recruit and retain quality craftsmen to fulfill the brand promise to customers. The home office team allocated resources to this crucial aspect of the business, allowing franchisees to focus on the execution and completion of jobs in their local communities.
“The tight labor market across the industry has consistently proven to be the most prominent challenge that our franchisees and marketing team face on an ongoing basis and the need for qualified and reliable craftsmen is in high demand across the nation,” said Jeff Wall, President and CEO of Handyman Connection. “By prioritizing our resources, we’ve seen more qualified craftsman applicants, applicant leads, recruiting and onboarding sessions. This has led to more craftsmen joining our organization resulting in an 18% increase measured quarter over quarter system-wide. We’re thrilled to be recognized for these efforts and look forward to continuing to fulfill our brand promise to support our franchisees with the tools and resources they need to secure ongoing success.”
Ranked as the #1 Handyman Company by Qualified Remodeler, Handyman Connection operates more than 68 locations throughout 25 states and Canada. For more than 25 years, the brand has offered homeowners across North America a complete resource for professional craftsmanship and exemplary customer service. Handyman Connection offers a variety of services ranging from traditional home repairs to painting, remodeling and more.
To request a free, no-obligation project estimate, contact Handyman Connection at 800-88-HANDY or visit us at HandymanConnection.com.
Each Handyman Connection franchise is locally owned and operated, backed by the company that helped launch the industry. Our values are steeped in a long-standing dedication to the people we serve, and truly differentiate Handyman Connection as a home repair company.
About Franchise Update Media
Franchise Update Media been a leader in the franchising space for more than 30 years. Founded in 1988, the company produces online franchise opportunity and educational websites, two print magazines, four e-newsletters, four conferences, independent research, and books, all focused on franchising. Targeting franchise audiences online, in print, and in person, Franchise Update Media delivers a unique combination of educational and lead generation sources to help franchisors, multi-unit franchisees, opportunity seekers, and suppliers achieve their growth objectives. For more information, visit franchising.com.
Handyman Connection America’s Most Honored Businesses 2019
2019 America’s Most Honored Businesses Top 5% – Handyman Connection was recognized as a 2019 Top 5% America’s Most Honored Business for continuous professional recognition, certified by The American Registry.
Handyman Connection Franchise | Handyman Connection
Owning a Handyman Connection Franchise
Discover the opportunities associated with Handyman Connection franchise ownership
Benefits of Owning a Handyman Connection Franchise
Owning a Handyman Connection franchise offers a remarkable opportunity to entrepreneurs interested in joining a reputable and recognized brand in the home improvement industry. The Handyman Connection franchise model provides a solid foundation, extensive support, and a network of experienced professionals to guide you every step of the way. From the initial setup to day-to-day operations, you can count on Handyman Connection to provide solutions that will set you up for long-term growth and prosperity in the profitable home improvement market. As a Handyman Connection franchise owner, you’ll benefit from a comprehensive marketing program, operational assistance, and access to efficient business systems, allowing you to focus on delivering top-quality craftsmanship and exceptional customer experiences to your local area.
Franchise Ownership Areas of Focus
Your areas of focus for your Handyman Connection franchise will include:
Market your Handyman Connection Services in the Community
Building your client base through local marketing efforts with our marketing programs.
Recruit, Hire & Retain Quality Craftspeople
Identifying reliable, qualified, individuals build your team
Customer Engagement & Service
Client acquisition, sales and retention. Strong advertising and word of mouth recommendations.
Finances
Appropriately and accurately manage all finances of the business.
Coordination & Scheduling
Manage job schedules, coordinate contractors, suppliers and work-loads.
Be a Hands-On, Eager and Involved Owner
Your business is the success of your business.
Benefits of Being A Handyman Connection Franchise Owner
The Benefits of Being a Handyman Connection Franchise Owner
Create Your Future
Franchise Training and Support | Handyman Connection
Handyman Connection Franchise Training and Support
You can count on Handyman Connection for comprehensive franchise training and support
At Handyman Connection, we offer training for all of our new franchises.
Providing our franchisees with best-in-class training is central to our mission of being a leader in the home improvement franchise industry. Our newly upgraded training and franchisee launch program helps our franchisees get up and running in the most efficient way possible. As a Handyman Connection franchise owner, you will receive extensive training as soon as you join, as well as ongoing training to make sure you have the tools and knowledge you need to succeed. As the owner of a Handyman Connection franchise business, you will benefit from the following training opportunities:
Pre-opening business setup and support
5 weeks of franchise training via webinars and conference calls leading up to a 5-day in-person training session
Onsite field support in your territory
Weekly calls with your franchise operations support team
Peer-to-peer networking and collaboration
Handyman Jobs | Handyman Franchise Opportunities
for Your Handyman Connection Franchise
Handyman Marketing | Handyman Connection
Handyman Marketing Support
Marketing support is crucial for any good business to succeed.
At Handyman Connection we want you to run a successful franchise, so we offer solid handyman marketing support for your franchise every single day. When starting a handyman business, building a consistent and satisfied customer base focused on optimizing lifetime value is one of the most important activities a franchisee can do. That is why Handyman Connection helps each franchise owner in the following areas of marketing:
National Marketing
Supported by the Brand Development Fund, Handyman Connection provides handyman marketing support in the following areas:
Handyman Connection website
Online and digital marketing campaigns
Monthly eNewsletter
Affiliation with Angi
Email Retention Program
Assistance with creative design
National and local PR
Local Marketing Programs
In addition to the national handyman marketing efforts, Handyman Connection provides these resources to help our franchisees effectively and efficiently market their new handyman business on a local level:
Customer Service Center
websites are customizable for local promotions and information
Private Handyman Connection portal
Email marketing ecosystem campaigns
Local online and digital marketing programs
Monthly Marketing Education Webinar Series
And more!
Benefits of Owning a Franchise vs Independent Business Ownership
Why Join a Franchise vs Independent Business Ownership
Discover key differences between owning a franchise vs independent business
Franchises operate under a predetermined business model that has already proven successful, while independent businesses make adjustments and decisions to their business model as they go.
Handyman Connection has spent over 30 years building and refining our business model, As a result, investing in a Handyman Connection franchise vs independent business allows you to take advantage of the years of experience of our full-time team, and the current franchisees experience. We have tried-and-true methods that will help you succeed as a franchise owner.
The great thing about owning a franchise is that it offers the independence of a small business but is supported by the benefits of a big business network, and a proven business blueprint. If you are looking to start and grow a profitable business, Handyman Connection has a great opportunity for you. At Handyman Connection, we strive to provide all franchise owners with as much information as possible to help them expand, grow, and evolve within a changing business environment.
We look for specific characteristics and not handyman experience, making Handyman Connection suitable for individuals with an array of backgrounds. We provide franchise training courses and management software that is backed by a supportive and proactive home office. Our franchisee training program teaches you everything you need to know about owning and running your own business. We partner our training with marketing strategies for craftsmen and clients, so you can grow and evolve as needed. At Handyman Connection, we know the value of open communication between all servicing arms of the company. This openness allows you access to marketing, training, and support when you need it making it advantageous to choose ownership of a franchise vs independent business ownership.
If you have ever dreamed of being your own boss and starting your own company but have been scared of the risk, time, and energy to get it started, then starting a Handyman Connection Franchise vs independent business ownership may be the right move for you. You will be backed by the home office your entire time being a franchise owner.
Having ownership in a franchise vs independent business owner, you work for yourself, but not by yourself.
You will have the ability to interact with and learn from other Handyman Connection franchisees, customers, and home improvement craftsmen to provide services to homeowners.
Handyman Business Management Software | Handyman Connection
Handyman Business Management Software
Starting a business is an exciting but new experience for many people, so it can seem overwhelming.
One important aspect are the tools and technology that are in place to guide a successful business. At Handyman Connection we understand this and that is why we have developed the tools, technology and handyman business management software to ensure you have what it takes to run a successful Handyman Connection franchise.
Business Management Software For Franchisees
An example of a text that will go to the customer
Handyman Connection has developed a customized handyman business management software tool that offers unique support for franchisees and your craftsmen. Our business management software keeps track of customers, work requests, craftsmen schedules, appointments, estimates, payments, and more. This tool provides a business dashboard that breaks down your data into key operating metrics and allows you to have visibility into all key areas of your business.
We have also moved technology to the forefront of our business strategy, investing considerable resources in technology tools for our franchisees, including mobile platforms to provide the craftsman and homeowner with an efficient work process and enjoyable brand experience.
If you are ready to be an owner of a Handyman Connection franchise, you can trust that we have the tools and unparalleled handyman business management software you need to get started and run a successful business.
Become A Franchisee | Handyman Connection
Become a Franchisee
When you become a franchisee with Handyman Connection, you join a network with decades of industry experience
Finding the Right Franchise
We encourage our candidates to do their due diligence on the home improvement industry and learn about us by working with our Franchise Developers, talking to franchisees about why they chose to become a franchisee and getting to know our Home Office team. As we move along in the discovery process, we will ask you to complete an Application, a personality profile assessment and a background check.
After you have taken the next step to become a franchisee and both parties have been able to assess a fit, we look forward to meeting our candidates at our Meet The Team Day where you’ll have the opportunity to meet one on one with the Executive team and determine if Handyman Connection is the place for you. We are diligent in our process ensuring a careful assessment, thorough evaluation, and alignment of values and goals with those who want to become a franchisee and join our Handyman Connection family.
Two webinars to discuss brand experience, marketing, recruiting, technology, training
FDD Receipt & Review
Franchisee Validation
Application & Territory Review
Interviews with Key Executive Leaders
Meet the Team Day
You are awarded a Handyman Connection Franchise, Get ready for Launch!
Handyman Franchise Opportunities | FAQs | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunities FAQs
Explore frequently asked question regarding our business and handyman franchise opportunities
Are you interested in handyman franchise opportunities? In order to serve our potential franchise owners with greater industry insights, Handyman Connection has answered some of your most frequently asked questions. If you have additional questions, not listed below, regarding our handyman franchise opportunities, call us today. We look forward to speaking with you and sharing what sets our handyman franchise opportunities apart.
Question: I don’t have leadership or marketing experience though. How can you teach that?
Question: I don’t consider myself very handy – would I be a good fit?
Question: What is so great about Handyman Connection home improvement franchises over other franchise opportunities?
We are also experiencing an increase of baby boomer customers in need of small to medium home repairs, or larger scale changes as they prepare for a changing lifestyle. Because they have continuous needs for repairs or upgrades, we have active initiatives focusing on the multiple opportunities for these customers to use our services annually, growing the value of the customer’s lifetime relationship with our brand—and your business.
In addition to the clear demand for our services, Handyman Connection’s investment in the expansion and development of technology sets us apart as we continue to modernize and advance the home services industry.
Question: What are the most common reasons people decide to buy a Handyman Connection franchise?
Question: How much does it cost to start a Handyman Connection business?
*This information is presented to you to share the information as listed in the 2023 Handyman Connection FDD, and is not meant as an offer nor to replace any information in the FDD.
Handyman Franchise Territories | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Territories
Available Handyman Franchise Territories
Benefits of Becoming a Handyman Connection Franchise Owner
Owning a Handyman Connection franchise allows you to take control of your future and invest in yourself. Most of our franchise owners have worked in middle management and corporations and have little to no experience in the home improvement industry. Whatever your level of experience, a franchise supported by our proven business blueprint combines the independence of small business ownership with the benefits of owning a franchise and access to a large business network.
As a franchise owner, you will receive franchise marketing assistance to find job leads and recruitment guidance. Our franchise opportunity strategies provide a road map for growing and managing your business. Our shared goal is for you to be a successful Handyman Connection franchise owner at the heart of your thriving business. From customer service to marketing and sales strategies, we’ll cover it all. We also provide support in identifying potential job leads and developing relationships with industry professionals.
When it comes to territories, Handyman Connection franchises are divided into local markets. We also offer exclusive territories for larger markets.  Our focus is not only on the territory size, but to ensure that each franchisee has the best opportunity to succeed, we make sure that the number of franchise owners in any given market is kept to a minimum. This allows each franchise owner to focus on their own territory and build up a strong customer base and customer service in their local area.
Join our Established Team
Handyman Connection has an established reputation and image, proven management and work practices, access to local and national marketing and advertising, and ongoing business owner training and support for all our handyman franchise territories.
As a Handyman Connection franchisee, you’ll benefit from our wide range of services and dedicated team of professionals. From sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service, our team is here to help you reach your goals. We can also provide access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services and more. Our goal is to make sure you have the tools , resources and support to be successful.
If you’re ready to take control of your future, contact us today. We would love to talk with you about joining the Handyman Connection family and discuss our franchise opportunities.
Here is a full rundown of all the regions within Handyman Connection that are open for when you are ready to start your Handyman Franchise:
Franchise Opportunity in Arizona | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Arizona
Invest in your future with our exciting Arizona Handyman Connection franchise opportunity.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Arizona
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities to the State of Arizona and will work tirelessly to ensure you have the tools, resources and support you need to be successful.
Our Core Values
At the core of Handyman Connection’s identity lies a set of deeply rooted principles. The core values of Handyman Connection include:
Deliver on our commitments
Respect the connections
Have pride in what we do
Practice continuous improvement
If you aspire to become a part of our esteemed franchise and explore the exciting franchise opportunity available for entrepreneurs in Arizona, reach out to us today!
Traits of Successful Handyman Connection Franchise Owners
For more than three decades, Handyman Connection has stood as a trusted staple for homeowners and a cornerstone in communities across the nation. As a well-established business with flourishing franchisees nationwide, we’ve observed that our franchise owners share a unique set of qualities and characteristics that drive their success in managing thriving franchise locations, establishing themselves as integral parts of their communities. Some prevalent characteristics among our Handyman Connection franchise owners include:
Influential leadership skills
Strong work ethic
Highly-motived with a drive for success
Excellent communication skills
Adaptability to adapt to ever-changing conditions
Willingness to learn and grow
Alignment with the franchise’s values and goals
Our Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Arizona
Embarking on the journey to becoming a Handyman Connection business owner opens the door to an outstanding franchise opportunity. Our proven business model is supported by ongoing guidance and a network of experienced professionals committed to assisting you every step of the way. Equipped with access to comprehensive marketing and advertising campaigns, operational support, streamlined business systems, and more, your central focus will be delivering top-tier craftsmanship and unparalleled customer experiences to your local Arizona community.
Available Territories Include:
Chandler, AZ
Flagstaff, AZ
Metro Phoenix, AZ
Tucson, AZ
Franchise Opportunity in Alabama | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Alabama
Seize the moment and start your journey with our rewarding Handyman Connection franchise opportunity.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Alabama
Handyman Connection is offering an exciting franchise opportunity to individuals interested in starting their own businesses. As a Handyman franchisee, you will join a franchise with a reputation for quality, reliability, and a proven track record of success.
The home improvement industry continues to thrive as homeowners seek reliable professionals to address their property needs. Handyman Connection’s business model aligns perfectly with this ongoing demand, providing a solid foundation for your franchise’s success.
Beginning your Handyman Connection Franchise
Our Handyman Franchise opportunity is ideal for those seeking to establish their own business. A few benefits of being a Handyman Connection franchise owner include:
Proven Business Model
Comprehensive Training and Ongoing Support
Top-Tier Marketing and Branding
Extensive Support Network
To discuss our Alabama franchise opportunity today, call us today. We look forward to speaking with you and helping you take the first step towards your future!
Characteristics of Successful Franchise Owners
Did you know that not all of our franchise owners started their businesses with comprehensive knowledge regarding all aspects of home repair and the minute details behind home improvement services? We understand that it takes time for new franchisees to figure things out and we look for individuals who are willing to learn.
Handyman Franchise in Alabama
Handyman Connection is a reputable brand with a successful business model. Owning a franchise is a great opportunity to start your own business and achieve financial independence. Your Alabama franchise will be supported by the company that started it all and is known for its high-quality work, reliability, and commitment to customer satisfaction. These qualities have helped us establish a great reputation in the home repair and renovation industry.
Mobile, AL
Franchise Opportunity in California | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in California
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in California
Dreaming of starting a business in the State of California? Consider Handyman Connection, a home repair and maintenance franchise that provides you with the opportunity to own and manage your own business. Our esteemed franchise system is designed to provide you with the necessary tools you need to be successful in the home repair and maintenance industry. With our proven business model, you can make your dream of owning a business a reality.
As a Handyman Connection franchise owner, you’ll have access to our extensive network of resources that will help you run your business. From our training and support services to our comprehensive marketing materials, you’ll have everything you need to get your business up and running quickly and efficiently. Our low start-up costs and overhead make it easy to get your handyman franchise off the ground, and our technology platform provides you with the opportunity to easily manage your business. At Handyman Connection, we’re committed to helping you make your dream of owning a business a reality. Our business management platform, comprehensive training and support services, and extensive network of suppliers and vendors make us the perfect choice for entrepreneurs in California looking to make their dreams of owning a business a reality.
Contact us today to learn more about our Handyman Connection franchise opportunity in the State of California and to start building your dream business today!
Beginning your California Handyman Connection Franchise
Handyman Connection stands as a trusted brand, boasting a proven and successful business model. Taking on a franchise presents an excellent chance to embark on your entrepreneurial journey and attain financial independence. This franchise opportunity  will receive robust support from the company that initiated it all, renowned for its top-notch work, dependability, and dedication to customer contentment. These qualities have been instrumental in building our stellar reputation within the home repair and renovation industry.
Handyman Franchise in California
At Handyman Connection, we’re committed to helping you make your dream of owning a business a reality. Our business management platform, comprehensive training and support services, and extensive network of suppliers and vendors make us the perfect choice for entrepreneurs in California looking to make their dreams of owning a business a reality.
Anaheim, CA
Bakersfield, CA
Fontana, CA
Fremont, CA
Fresno, CA
Greater Los Angeles, CA
San Diego, CA
San Francisco, CA
The Bay Area, CA
Franchise Opportunity in Colorado | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Colorado
Join our team with our unparalleled franchise opportunity available across the state of Colorado.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Colorado
Handyman Connection is offering an exciting franchise opportunity to individuals who want to start their own business in the state of Colorado. With the demand for home improvement steadily increasing in recent years, there are numerous opportunities for you to grow your own Handyman franchise and become an essential handyman service provider to your local community.
Start a Franchise Opportunity Today
As a Handyman Connection franchisee, you will receive extensive support that will increase the chances of profitability and growth. If you’re interested in starting your franchise opportunity with Handyman Connection, we’re here to help you get started.
A few benefits of being a franchise owner with Handyman Connection include:
Established Brand Reputation
Top-Notch Marketing Resources
Built-In Community and Networking Opportunities
Characteristics of a Successful Handyman Connection Franchise Owner
Handyman Connection franchise owners exhibit a unique set of characteristics and traits that contribute to their success. A few traits of a successful Handyman Connection franchise owner include:
Solid leadership skills
Effective communication
Handyman Connection is a highly-renowned business with a time-tested blueprint for success. Launching your own handyman franchise through Handyman Connection presents an exceptional opportunity to venture into entrepreneurship and attain financial independence with a well-known and respected brand. Handyman Connection’s steadfast dedication to top-tier craftsmanship, dependability, and customer service has significantly contributed to our stellar reputation in the home repair and renovation sector. Becoming a franchise owner with Handyman Connection empowers you to become your own boss, chart your financial course, and enjoy the backing of a trusted brand.
Aurora, CO
Denver, CO
Franchise Opportunity in Connecticut | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Connecticut
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Connecticut
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities in Connecticut, New York, and the surrounding areas. Our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service. Our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful.
Benefits of Joining the Handyman Connection Team
Joining the Handyman Connection team provides access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services and more. Our franchise opportunities offer a unique opportunity to own and operate your own business with the support of a trusted and experienced team. We are dedicated to helping franchisees succeed and are here to provide the necessary support and guidance throughout the entire process.
To discuss our Connecticut franchise opportunity today, call us today. We look forward to speaking with you and helping you take the first step towards your future!
At Handyman Connection, we understand that starting a business can be overwhelming. We are here to provide the resources and support that is needed to ensure success. We provide access to our network of experienced professionals who can provide guidance and advice on marketing, sales, operations, accounting and customer service. Our team will also help you create a business plan, develop a budget, and set up your financials.
Handyman Franchise in Connecticut
Handyman Connection is proud to offer franchise opportunities to individuals who are interested in owning and operating their own business. Our team of experienced professionals is dedicated to helping our franchisees succeed. We provide access to resources, support, and guidance throughout the entire process. We are excited to offer franchise opportunities in Connecticut, and the surrounding areas.
New Haven, CT
Hartford, CT
Franchise Opportunity in Florida | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Florida
Start your journey with our rewarding Handyman Connection franchise opportunity.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Florida
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities in Florida, and the surrounding areas. Our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service. Our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful.
Benefits of Joining Handyman Connection
Joining the Handyman Connection team provides access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services and more. Franchise opportunities with Handyman Connection also include access to our proprietary software and technology, which allows franchisees to manage their business more effectively and efficiently.
To discuss our Florida franchise opportunity today, call us today. We look forward to speaking with you and helping you take the first step towards your future!
At Handyman Connection, we provide comprehensive training and support for all our franchisees. We offer an array of resources, including business development, operational, and marketing support, to ensure our franchisees have the tools and resources they need to succeed.
Handyman Connection is committed to helping our franchisees grow their businesses. We provide a range of marketing services, including website design, search engine optimization, social media marketing and more. We also offer franchise opportunities with access to our wide network of vendors and suppliers, helping you get the best deals on products and services. With our comprehensive training and support, you can be sure you’ll have the resources and tools you need to succeed.
Cape Coral, FL
Greater Miami FL
Miami, FL
Tampa, FL
Tampa Bay, FL
Orlando, FL
Pensacola, FL
Jacksonville, FL
Franchise Opportunity in Georgia | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Georgia
Unlock your potential with our Georgia franchise opportunity – inquire today!
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Georgia
Handyman Connection is a well-established business specializing in home repair and improvement services. Our franchise provides a wide range of services to residential and commercial customers, including everything from minor maintenance tasks to major remodeling projects.
A few handyman services offered by Handyman Connection include:
Beginning your Georgia Franchise Opportunity
Attributes of Successful Handyman Connection Franchisees
Starting a Handyman Connection franchise begins a rewarding path to entrepreneurship, offering the security of a proven business model and the support of an established brand, while still allowing you to be your own boss and achieve your business goals. When looking for candidates to join our Handyman Connection family, we actively seek candidates who are:
Hardworking
Determined
Supportive
Adaptable
Communicative
Passionate
Handyman Franchise in Georgia
Are you interested in joining a franchise with excellent brand recognition and a proven business model for success? If so, look no further than Handyman Connection. Some benefits of becoming a franchise owner include:
Established Business Model
Training and Ongoing Support
Marketing Materials and Branding Resources
Network of Like-Minded Entrepreneurs
Growth Opportunities
Atlanta, GA
Columbus, GA
Metro Atlanta, GA
Athens, GA
Savannah, GA
Franchise Opportunity in Idaho | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Idaho
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Idaho
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities in Idaho, and the surrounding areas. Our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service. Our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful.
Wide Range of Services
Handyman Connection offers a wide range of services to our franchisees, including sales and marketing, operations, accounting, and customer service. Our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful. Joining the Handyman Connection team provides access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services and more.
Join our handyman franchise business with the support of a trusted and experienced team. We are dedicated to helping franchisees succeed and are here to provide the necessary support and guidance throughout the entire process.
To discuss our Idaho franchise opportunity today, call us today. We look forward to speaking with you and helping you take the first step towards your future!
Handyman Connection provides expertise and support to its franchisees. Our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service. Our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful. Joining the Handyman Connection team provides access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services and more.
Handyman Franchise in Idaho
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities in Idaho, and the surrounding areas. We are dedicated to helping our franchisees succeed by providing them with the resources and support they need. Our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service. We are excited to offer franchise opportunities and help our franchisees reach their goals.
Boise, ID
Franchise Opportunity in Illinois | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Illinois
Elevate your career and potential with our Illinois franchise opportunity.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Illinois
As a Handyman Connection franchisee, there are a number of supports from the company to help you thrive. If you’re interested in starting your franchise opportunity with Handyman Connection, we’re here to help you get your Illinois franchise started.
Some benefits of being a Handyman Connection franchise owner include:
Ongoing Training and Support
Top-of-the-line Marketing Materials and Branding Resources
Encouraging Network of Like-Minded Individuals
Immeasurable Growth Potential
Common Character Traits of Successful Franchise Owners
Successful franchisees possess a distinct set of characteristics and traits that enable them to thrive in the world of franchising. These qualities, which are often key to their achievements, may include:
Being a leader
Having a strong work ethic with a willingness to put in the time and effort required to build and run a successful franchise
Having an entrepreneurial spirit
Being supportive and a team player who can motivate employees and lead by example
Having effective communication skills whether you are interacting with customers, employees, other local businesses and beyond
Being adaptable and embracing change as the market evolves or new opportunities arise
Handyman Franchise in Illinois
At Handyman Connection, we are proud to be a pillar in the home repair and improvement industry and a distinguished franchise with a proven business model for success. When you own a Handyman Connection, you are joining an eminent and time-tested enterprise, continuously celebrated for its established path to success in the industry. Handyman Connection’s commitment to high-quality services, dependability, and customer satisfaction has contributed to our unparalleled reputation in the home repair and renovation industry and we have an exciting franchise opportunity available for entrepreneurs interested in joining us on this journey.
Chicago, IL
Greater Chicago, IL
Peoria, IL
Franchise Opportunity in Kentucky | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Kentucy
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Kentucky
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities in Kentucky, and the surrounding areas. Our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service. Our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful.
Gain Access to Industry Partners
Joining the Handyman Connection team provides access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services and more. With the support of these partners, our franchisees can focus on what’s important, and providing quality services and building relationships with customers.
To discuss our Kentucky franchise opportunity today, call us today. We look forward to speaking with you and helping you take the first step towards your future!
Comprehensive Support and Training for Franchise Owners
Our comprehensive training program covers all aspects of operations, from customer service to marketing and accounting. Our experienced team of professionals is available to provide guidance and assistance throughout the entire franchise process. We also offer ongoing support and resources to help franchisees succeed in their business.
Handyman Franchise in Kentucky
At Handyman Connection, we are committed to helping our franchisees succeed. We are passionate about providing quality services and building relationships with customers. Our comprehensive training program, access to industry partners and ongoing support and resources make Handyman Connection the perfect choice for those looking to take advantage of franchise opportunities in Kentucky, and the surrounding areas.
Knoxville, KY
Louisville, KY
Handyman Franchise in Louisiana | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Louisiana
Your business journey begins with a single step – take it today with our Handyman Connection Louisiana franchise opportunity.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Louisiana
Join Handyman Connection and Our Reputable Brand
Handyman Connection is proud to serve Louisiana. Our professional handyman services offer homeowners and businesses across the beautiful Pelican Statea with a wide range of services from basic repairs to full-scale renovations. Our experienced team of professionals are equipped to take care of any job, no matter how big or small. With our team of skilled local craftsmen, our customers can rest assured that their projects will be completed with the highest level of quality and workmanship.
Why Join Handyman Connection?
Joining our established Handyman Connection team allows you access to our wide range of top-tier resources and a dedicated team of professionals. From sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service, our team is here to partner together to help you reach your goals. Our goal is to make sure you have the tools, resources and support to be successful and watch your dreams come to life.
A few benefits of becoming a Handyman Connection franchise owner include, but are not limited to:
Established Brand
Marketing and Advertising Resources
Supportive Network
Contact Us Today!
Handyman Connection has is an exciting business opportunity for those looking to start a handyman franchise in the State of Louisiana. We are committed to providing the best possible support to our franchisees, and this handyman franchise opportunity will allow you to become an integral part of a respected legacy, poised for success in a thriving industry.
Baton Rouge, LA
Franchise Opportunity in Maryland | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Maryland
Seize the franchise opportunity of a lifetime – take the first step today.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Maryland
Joining Handyman Connection allows you to step into a world of opportunity, innovation, and success. You’ll have the chance to fulfill your entrepreneurial aspirations in a thriving industry, all while being part of a network that values quality, integrity, and customer service. If you’re ready to embrace the rewards of entrepreneurship, Handyman Connection’s franchise opportunity is your gateway to a brighter future. Let’s start your franchise opportunity today!
Qualities of a Prosperous Franchise Owner
You don’t have to be concerned about having all the required handyman and home improvement and repair knowledge when launching your Maryland handyman franchise. We acknowledge that it’s not an expectation for our new franchisees to have everything perfectly in place right from the beginning. However, we are actively seeking candidates for our exciting Maryland franchise opportunity with the qualities of an entrepreneur including being:
Hard-working
Goal-oriented
Growth-driven
Personable
Why Become A Maryland Handyman Franchisee
Handyman Connection is a highly-respected brand with a successful, thriving business model. A few qualities that have cemented our great reputation in the franchise industry include:
Established operational framework
Reliable guidance and support
Educational training opportunities
Top-tier marketing and advertising campaigns
Community of like-minded opportunities
Available Territories:
Baltimore, MD
Franchise Opportunity in Massachusetts | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Massachusetts
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Massachusetts
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities in Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and the surrounding areas. We understand that running a business requires a lot of hard work and dedication, but our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service. Our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful.
Joining the Handyman Connection team provides access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services and more. With our franchise opportunities, you can benefit from our established brand recognition and longstanding relationships with customers. We offer franchisees comprehensive training and support, as well as ongoing operational assistance.
To discuss our Massachusetts franchise opportunity today, call us today. We look forward to speaking with you and helping you take the first step towards your future!
Training Support for Franchise Owners
You can join a growing and successful business with franchise opportunities in Massachusetts. Our team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting, and customer service. We are dedicated to helping our franchisees succeed. We offer comprehensive training and support, as well as ongoing operational assistance.
Handyman Franchise in Massachusetts
At Handyman Connection, we are committed to providing our franchisees with the best franchise opportunities in Massachusetts. We offer comprehensive training and support, as well as ongoing operational assistance. Our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service. We are dedicated to helping our franchisees succeed and our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful.
Boston, MA
Worcester, MA
Providence, RI
Franchise Opportunity in Michigan | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Michigan
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Michigan
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities in Michigan, and the surrounding areas. Our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service. Our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful.
Joining the Handyman Connection team provides access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services and more. As a franchisee, you will have the opportunity to be part of an established brand with a proven track record of success. Our franchisees benefit from our comprehensive marketing and advertising initiatives, as well as our ongoing training and support
To discuss our Michigan franchise opportunity today, call us today. We look forward to speaking with you and helping you take the first step towards your future!
Training Support for a  Successful Franchise Owners
At Handyman Connection, we are committed to providing our franchisees with the best tools, resources, and support to help them succeed. We have an experienced team of professionals who are passionate about helping our franchisees reach their goals. We are proud to offer franchise opportunities to individuals who are looking to start their own business and take control of their financial future.
Handyman Franchise in Michigan
If you are interested in becoming a Handyman Connection franchisee, you can get started by filling out our online application. Our team will be in touch to discuss your franchise opportunities and answer any questions you may have. We are excited to offer franchise opportunities to entrepreneurs who are looking to start their own business and take control of their financial future throughout Michigan.
Detroit, MI
Metro Detroit, MI
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Minnesota | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Minnesota
Turn your passion into profit with our franchise opportunity – be your own boss now.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Minnesota
Discover our exciting franchise opportunity with Handyman Connection in Minnesota. This franchise opportunity is specially tailored for entrepreneurs and offers you the chance to establish and expand with a business that delivers a distinctive service to your local community.
In joining our established Handyman Connection team, you will benefit from our wealth of experience, unwavering dedication to supporting franchisees, reputable brand name and so much more. Whether finance and accounting, sales and marketing, legal and compliance, customer service and support, or operations, our knowledgeable team of friendly individuals is excited to help you reach your business goals.
Benefits of joining Handyman Connection include:
Established business model
Comprehensive training
Access to marketing materials and advertising campaigns
Established vendor relationships
Highly-regarded brand reputation
Pre-opening and ongoing support
Let’s Get Started
At Handyman Connection, our unwavering commitment is to deliver a service of exceptional quality that not only meets but surpasses our customers’ expectations. Our meticulously crafted brand standards serve as a guiding light, ensuring that our franchisees consistently offer the utmost level of service, resulting in raving customers and a well-respected brand. If you are looking to join a franchise that is committed to being the best in the industry, will fulfill your entrepreneurial aspirations and help you achieve financial independence, look no further than Handyman Connection. Call us today to learn more about our exciting franchise opportunity in Louisiana!
Rochester, MN
Twin Cities, MN
Handyman Franchise in Missouri | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Missouri
If it has ever been your objective to own a prosperous business that allows you more financial flexibility, then this is the perfect time for you.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Missouri
Handyman Connection has a unique opportunity available for entrepreneurs interested in becoming a part of our expanding family of local handyman franchisees. We are actively seeking passionate and driven individuals to embark on their entrepreneurial journey by starting a franchise in the vibrant state of Missouri. Our mission, as a franchise, is to provide homeowners across Missouri with top-notch home repair and improvement services, and we believe that local ownership is the key to achieving this goal.
As we expand our presence in the Show Me State, we are dedicated to finding franchise owners who share our commitment to high-quality work, reliability, and customer satisfaction. Whether you’re in St. Louis, Kansas City, Springfield, or another part of the state, we have an exciting franchise opportunity available for you to become a Handyman Connection franchise owner.
By joining our network, you’ll not only be your own boss but also have the support of a trusted and successful company that’s known for its excellence in the home repair and improvement industry. If you’re looking to build a successful business while making a positive impact in your local community, Handyman Connection’s franchise opportunity in Missouri is the perfect platform to turn your dreams of entrepreneurship into reality.
Benefits of becoming a Handyman Connection franchisee include, but are not limited to:
Partnering with a well-established brand with a proven business model and successful track record
Receiving comprehensive training and ongoing support throughout the start-up process into ownership and beyond
Having first-class marketing materials and advertising campaigns available at your fingertips
Being a part of a franchise family that fosters collaboration, innovation, and collective learning
Joining Handyman Connection represents an exciting franchise opportunity to embrace entrepreneurship within a proven and supportive framework. It’s a chance to turn your business ownership dreams into a reality, with the backing of a trusted brand and a network of fellow franchisees who share your dedication to success.
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in North Carolina | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in North Carolina
Don't wait for tomorrow to begin your journey. Discover our franchisee opportunity today.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in North Carolina
With demand for home repair and improvement services on the rise, we are excited to extend our franchising opportunities to the state of North Carolina. As a trusted national brand, Handyman Connection has solidified its reputation for high-quality work, unwavering reliability, and a commitment to exceeding customer expectations and we want to give you the opportunity of a lifetime to partner with us in the beautiful Tar Heel State.
Benefits of Becoming a Handyman Connection Franchisee
Becoming a franchisee with Handyman Connection offers you the chance to build and grow your own business while benefiting from the collective strength of a well-established brand. You’ll receive comprehensive training and ongoing support that equips you with the resources, knowledge, and tools needed to run a successful franchise. As a Handyman Connection franchisee, you’ll also have the freedom to be your own boss and the flexibility to shape your destiny. This franchise opportunity is not just about financial independence but also about making a meaningful impact in your local North Carolina community by providing essential handyman services that maintain the overall quality and value of homes across the state.
Our Franchise Opportunity in North Carolina
If you’re ready to embrace entrepreneurship within a proven framework and share in the success of a trusted brand, Handyman Connection’s franchise opportunity is your gateway to a bright and prosperous future. We hope to speak with you soon and that you will join us and start your entrepreneurial journey with Handyman Connection.
Charlotte, NC
Durham, NC
Handyman Franchise in Ohio | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Ohio
Join Handyman Connection and tap into a market with a steady demand, providing a strong foundation for your business.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Ohio
Take Control of your Destiny and Join the Handyman Connection Brand
Handyman Connection has home repair and renovation franchise opportunities available throughout the state of Ohio. Handyman Connection franchisees have been providing the highest quality home repair and renovation services to Ohio for years and we look forward to expanding our Handyman Connection brand throughout the Buckeye State.
High-Quality Home Repair and Renovation Services
Handyman Connection offers a wide range of high-quality services to meet our customers’ home repair and improvement needs. From simple tasks like changing a lightbulb to larger projects like remodeling a kitchen, customers know to trust our experienced handyman technicians when they want the job done right. Our goal is to make sure our Handyman Connection franchisees have the tools, resources, and support to run the area’s leading handyman business, offering premier home repair and renovation services.
World-Class Support for Handyman Franchisees
When you join our team at Handyman Connection, you’ll benefit from our dedicated team of professionals. From handyman marketing support to sales, operations, accounting and customer service, our team is here to help you reach your goals. We also have access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services, and more. Our goal is to provide Handyman Connection franchise owners with as much information and training as possible so that they can expand and evolve within any business environment.
An Established Brand with Name Recognition
At Handyman Connection, we take immense pride in our brand. Our franchisees are committed to delivering the highest level of excellence in home repair and renovation services to their communities and our home office offers an unwavering commitment to assisting our franchise owners in the growth of their businesses each and every day.
Cleveland, OH
Columbus, OH
Franchise Opportunity in Oklahoma | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Oklahoma
Invest in your future with our exciting Handyman Connection franchise opportunity.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Oklahoma
What truly distinguishes Handyman Connection as a home repair services provider are our deeply ingrained beliefs, forged through a steadfast commitment to those we proudly serve.
The core values of Handyman Connection, to which align across our franchise locations include:
If you are interested in joining our prestigious franchise and learning more about our exciting Oklahoma franchise opportunity, contact us today!
Attributes of Successful Handyman Connection Franchise Owners
Handyman Connection has been a trusted name for homeowners and a pillar in communities nationwide for over three decades. As an established business with profitable franchisees nationwide, we have found that our franchise owners possess a distinctive set of qualities and characteristics that contribute to them running successful franchise locations and becoming staples within their community. A few common characteristics of our Handyman Connection franchise owners include:
Passion and drive for success
Flexiblity and ability to adapt to changing conditions
Becoming a Handyman Connection business owner unlocks an exceptional franchise opportunity. Our franchise model has a proven business model and is backed by ongoing support and a network of seasoned professionals dedicated to guiding you through the entire journey. With access to a comprehensive marketing and advertising campaigns, operational guidance, and efficient business systems, your primary focus will be on delivering top-quality craftsmanship and exceptional customer experiences to your local Oklahoma community.
Oklahoma City, OK
Tulsa, OK
Franchise Opportunity in Oregon | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Oregon
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Oregon
One thing that sets our franchise apart is our deeply rooted principles, developed through an unwavering dedication to those we are honored to serve.
The core values of Handyman Connection include:
If you are ready to take control of your future and embark on an exciting entrepreneurial journey, contact us today. Join Handyman Connection as a franchise owner and unlock a world of opportunities. We would love to help you take the first step today, and let us guide you on the path to a prosperous and fulfilling future with our exciting franchise opportunity.
Become A Handyman Connection Franchise Owner
Did you know that Handyman Connection has been a leading franchisor in the home repair and improvement industry for over thirty years? Since 1991, Handyman Connection has aimed to empower our franchisees with the expertise, education, and resources necessary to expand their local businesses. We are invested in supporting our franchisees day in and day out and consistently positioning our business franchise owners for growth and success from our initial consultation to the day they open their doors and beyond.
A few reasons franchisees love owning a Handyman Connection franchise include:
Opportunity to join a widely recognized and respected brand known for its quality
A proven business model that requires no inventory and low overhead
A work-life balance that allows you to be flexible in your time and lifestyle
Ability to be actively engaged with and support the local community, creating a positive impact
Our supportive network that fosters a sense of community and collaboration
Greater Portland, OR
Eugene, OR
Franchise Opportunity in Pennsylvania | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Pennsylvania
Unlock your potential with our Pennsylvania franchise opportunity – inquire today!
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Pennsylvania
Handyman Connection is a reputable business specializing in home repair and improvement services. Our franchise is proud to provide a wide range of professional and reliable customer services.
Our handyman services include:
Begin your Pennsylvania Franchise Opportunity
Becoming a Successful Handyman Connection Franchisee
Are you interested in beginning a rewarding path to entrepreneurship? If so, you’ve come to the right place as we have the perfect franchise opportunity available for you. Handyman Connection is proud to offer our franchisees the security of an established business framework and the support of a credible brand.
When looking for candidates to join Handyman Connection, we are actively seeking candidates for our franchise opportunity who are:
Ambitious
Handyman Franchise in Pennsylvania
Comprehensive Training and Support
National and Local Marketing Materials and Advertising Resources
Network of Dynamic Franchisees
Pittsburgh, PA
Philadelphia, PA
Allentown, PA
Franchise Opportunity in South Dakota | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in South Dakota
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in South Dakota
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities in South Dakota, nan, and the surrounding areas. Our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service. Our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful.
Joining the Handyman Connection team provides access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services and more. Our franchise opportunites provide an opportunity to be part of the Handyman Connection family, and enjoy the benefits of being part of a larger organization. We provide a comprehensive suite of business services, from marketing and sales to operations and customer service.
To discuss our South Dakota franchise opportunity today, call us today. We look forward to speaking with you and helping you take the first step towards your future!
Training Support for Successful Franchise Owners
Our franchise opportunities include marketing and sales support from our experienced team. We provide comprehensive marketing plans and strategies to help our franchisees reach their goals. Our team also provides sales support, helping our franchisees close more deals and increase their revenue.
Handyman Franchise in South Dakota
Our franchise opportunites also provide access to operations and customer service support. We provide training and resources to help our franchisees improve their operations and customer service. Our team is available to help troubleshoot any issues that may arise and to provide advice and guidance. Our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful.
Sioux Falls, SD
Franchise Opportunity in Texas | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Texas
Turn your dreams into reality with our Texas franchise opportunity.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Texas
Seize the Franchise Opportunity of a Lifetime
As a Handyman Connection franchisee, you can expect meaningful support from the company that will aid in your success and help you thrive. If you’re interested in starting your franchise opportunity with Handyman Connection, we’d love to help equip you with the knowledge, tools and resources needed to get your Texas handyman franchise started.
Several benefits to becoming a Handyman Connection franchisee include:
An established business model with a proven framework
Recognition of a trusted brand name and a loyal customer base
Ongoing training and guidance from initial start-up to grand opening and beyond
Top-of-the-line local and national marketing campaigns and branding resources
Encouraging support system with enriching networking opportunities
Immeasurable growth potential
Our franchise owners exhibit a unique combination of traits and qualities that empower their franchising success. These attributes, pivotal to their remarkable accomplishments in the Handyman Connection franchise realm and beyond, include being:
Influential
Encouraging
Accountable
Tenacious
Agile
Handyman Franchise in Texas
At Handyman Connection, we take pride in our prominent position within the home repair and improvement industry as a distinguished franchise with a proven formula for success. Becoming a Handyman Connection franchise owner means becoming part of a prestigious and time-proven enterprise, renowned for over three decades of success in the industry. Our unwavering dedication to top-tier services, reliability, and customer satisfaction has been instrumental in forging our unmatched reputation in the home repair and renovation sector and we’re thrilled to offer an exciting franchise opportunity for entrepreneurs eager to embark on this rewarding journey with us.
Arlington, TX
Austin, TX
Corpus Christi, TX
Dallas
El Paso
Greater Houston, TX
Greater San Antonio, TX
Houston, TX
Waco, TX
Plano, TX
Frisco, TX
Irving, TX
Franchise Opportunity in Utah | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Utah
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Utah
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities in Utah, Nevada, and the surrounding areas. Our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service. Our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources, and support they need to be successful.
Benefits of Joining Handyman Connection Team
Joining the Handyman Connection team provides access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services, and more. We understand that running a business is a complex undertaking, and our team is here to help make that process easier. Our franchise opportunities come with a full suite of services, including marketing support, training, and ongoing coaching and mentoring.
To discuss our Utah franchise opportunity today, call us today. We look forward to speaking with you and helping you take the first step towards your future!
Handyman Connection offers franchise opportunities that provide the opportunity to own and operate a successful business. Our franchise opportunities provide access to our established brand and customer base, as well as our network of professionals who can help you get your business up and running. We are committed to helping our franchisees succeed, and our team is here to provide support and guidance every step of the way.
Handyman Franchise in Utah
Handyman Connection is proud to offer franchise opportunities in Utah, and the surrounding areas. We understand the importance of providing our franchisees with the support they need to succeed. Our team is here to provide guidance and assistance in all aspects of running a business. From sales and marketing to operations, accounting, and customer service, we are here to help you grow your business and achieve success.
Wasatch Front, UT
Salt Lake City, UT
Franchise Opportunity in Virginia | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Virginia
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Virginia
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities in Virginia, nan, and the surrounding areas. Our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service. Our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful.
Joining the Handyman Connection team provides access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services and more. Our franchise opportunities include access to exclusive discounts on products and services, as well as training and support from our dedicated team of professionals. These benefits allow our franchisees to focus on growing their business and providing quality services to their customers.
To discuss our Virginia franchise opportunity today, call us today. We look forward to speaking with you and helping you take the first step towards your future!
Comprehensive Training for Successful Franchise Owners
We provide comprehensive support for our franchisees, including access to our online portal, which provides a range of resources and tools for managing their business. We also provide marketing and sales support, as well as ongoing training and development opportunities. Our team of professionals is available to answer any questions and provide guidance throughout the process.
Handyman Franchise in Virginia
If you are ready to take the next step and explore our franchise opportunities, contact us today. Our team is dedicated to helping you find the perfect franchise opportunity and provide the support you need to be successful. With our comprehensive support and years of experience, you can be sure that you’re in good hands with Handyman Connection.
Chesapeake, VA
Richmond Metropolitan, VA
Handyman Franchise in Washington | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Washington
Start your journey to franchise success - get started with our Washington franchise opportunity now.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Washington
Transform your Career by Joining Handyman Connection
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities for entrepreneurs looking to serve communities across the state of Washington. With a history of delivering top-quality services, our Handyman Connection franchisees have been trusted by Washington residents for years and we are excited about our mission to further extend the Handyman Connection brand across the entire Evergreen State, ensuring even more communities benefit from our handyman expertise and commitment to home repair and improvement excellence.
Our Home Repair and Improvement Services
Handyman Connection offers a wide range of high-quality services to meet our customers’ home repair and improvement needs. From simple tasks like changing batteries in smoke and carbon monoxide detectors or washing first story windows to larger projects like complete cabinet replacement or upgrading electrical panels and sub-panels, customers know to trust our experienced handyman technicians when they want the job done right. Our goal is to make sure our Handyman Connection franchisees have the tools, resources, and support to run the area’s leading handyman business, offering premier home repair and renovation services.
Why Choose Handyman Connection?
When you become a part of the Handyman Connection family, you gain the advantage of our committed team of experts. From marketing support to sales, operations, accounting, customer service and so much more, our team is on-call and dedicated to helping you meet all of your goals and make your dreams come to life. Our mission is to equip our Handyman Connection franchise owners with extensive information, training, and resources that ensure their ability to thrive and adapt in any business landscape.
A few key advantages to joining Handyman Connection include:
Our established brand with a proven business model
Comprehensive training and ongoing support
Access to best-in-class local and national marketing and advertising campaign resources
A supportive community of franchise owners who foster a sense of community and collaboration
Handyman Connection is proud to offer this exciting franchise opportunity to entrepreneurs interested in starting a handyman franchise in the state of Washington. Our franchise opportunities offer the potential for growth and prosperity in the ever-thriving home repair and renovation industry. With a steadfast dedication to upholding our rigorous brand standards, we are resolute in providing our franchisees with the essential resources and unwavering support required to ensure their business triumph and we hope you will seize the moment and embark on this exciting journey with Handyman Connection.
Seattle Metropolitan Area, WA
Seattle, WA
Spokane, WA
Tacoma, WA
Olympia, WA
Franchise Opportunity in Washington D.C | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Washington D.C.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Washington D.C.
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities in Washington D.C., Maryland, and the surrounding areas. Our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting and customer service. Our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful.
Joining the Handyman Connection team provides access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services, and more. We also provide franchisees with a comprehensive training program, ongoing support, and a network of Handyman Connection professionals throughout the Washington D.C. area.
To discuss our Washington D.C. franchise opportunity today, call us today. We look forward to speaking with you and helping you take the first step towards your future!
Handyman Connection is committed to helping our franchisees succeed and offers a variety of franchise opportunities in Washington, D.C., and the surrounding areas. We provide our franchisees with the knowledge, tools, and resources to help them grow their business. Our franchisees benefit from our established brand recognition, marketing support, and access to our network of experienced professionals.
Handyman Franchise in Washington D.C.
If you are interested in starting your own Handyman Connection franchise in Washington D.C., Maryland, or the surrounding areas, we can provide you with the information you need to make an informed decision. Our team of experienced professionals is available to answer any questions you may have about our franchise opportunities. We look forward to helping you achieve your goals and become a successful Handyman Connection franchise owner.
Franchise Opportunity in Wisconsin | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Wisconsin
Start your journey with our rewarding Handyman Connection franchise opportunity in Wisconsin.
Available Handyman Franchise Opportunity in Wisconsin
Handyman Connection is excited to offer franchise opportunities in Wisconsin. Our established team of professionals provides a wide range of services, from sales and marketing to operations, accounting, and customer service, and our goal is to ensure our franchisees have the tools, resources and support they need to be successful.
Joining the Handyman Connection team provides access to industry partners with expertise in areas such as insurance, legal services and more. Our franchisees have access to the latest technology, tools, and resources and we provide ongoing training and support to help franchisees transition into their new businesses. At Handyman Connection, you can rest assured we are committed to helping our franchisees succeed and reach their goals.
Our Wisconsin Handyman Connection franchise opportunity is perfect for individuals aspiring to build their own business and make a difference in the life of their neighbors in the Wisconsin area. Some benefits of becoming a Handyman Connection franchise owner include:
Comprehensive Training
Ongoing Support and Operational Guidance
Entrepreneurial Independence
We’d love to have a conversation with you about our Wisconsin franchise opportunity. We look forward to talking with you and assisting you in initiating the first step toward your future!
Franchise opportunities with Handyman Connection offer a great chance to grow and expand your business. Our team of experienced professionals are here to help you every step of the way. We provide comprehensive training, operational support, and marketing and advertising resources. As a Handyman Connection franchisee, you can be confident that you have the tools and resources needed to be successful.
Contact Us to Begin Your Handyman Franchise in Wisconsin
Handyman Connection stands as a respected brand with a proven and successful business model. Venturing into franchise ownership presents a fantastic opportunity to initiate your independent business and attain financial independence. Your Wisconsin franchise will receive unwavering support from our prestigious company, recognized for its exceptional work, reliability, and dedication to customer satisfaction. These attributes have played a pivotal role in establishing our stellar reputation in the home repair and renovation industry and we hope you will join us with our exciting Wisconsin franchise opportunity.
ilable Territories Include:
Greater Milwaukee, WI
Milwaukee, WI
Blog | Handyman Franchise Opportunities
Embarking on the entrepreneurial journey with your Handyman Connection franchise is an exciting endeavor, and one of the key factors...
Unlocking Success with Handyman Connection: A Franchise Opportunity That Prioritizes Work-Life Balance
In the fast-paced world of entrepreneurship, the dream of starting a business often comes with the challenge of finding the...
Territory Selection: The Key to Success in Your Handyman Connection Franchise
Selecting the Right Territory for your Handyman Connection Franchise When embarking on the journey of franchising, selecting the right territory...
Navigating Trends and Opportunities with Handyman Connection
Navigating Trends and Opportunities in the Home Improvement Industry with Handyman Connection  Embarking on a business venture in the home...
A Franchise Opportunity That Prioritizes Work-Life Balance
Unlocking Success with Handyman Connection: A Franchise Opportunity That Prioritizes Work-Life Unlocking Success with Handyman Connection: A Franchise Opportunity That...
The Home Improvement Boom: Why Investing in a Handyman Connection Franchise Makes Sense
Why Invest As homeowners, we all know that the to-do list for our properties is never-ending. From small fixes to...
Become an Entrepreneur with Handyman Connection
Why choose a handyman business as your next entrepreneurship? In today's fast-paced world, homeowners constantly seek reliable and skilled professionals...
Handyman Franchise Cost | Handyman Connection
Handyman Franchise Cost & Opportunities
Discover Handyman Franchise Opportunities
Handyman Connection offers handyman franchise opportunities for driven individuals considering starting their own business. The home improvement and repair industry is multi-faceted and will be around as long as there are homeowners. While handyman franchise businesses can be a great investment opportunity, the Handyman Connection brand gives our franchisees an edge.
Invest in Your Future:
If you are looking to start and grow a profitable business, Handyman Connection has a great opportunity for you. Handyman Connection has enticed individuals from a vast cross-section of industries and backgrounds with our handyman franchise opportunities. Our affordable franchise ownership options allow you the freedom to run your own business within a proven business model for success. Did you know that franchises have a higher rate of success than start-up businesses? The handyman franchise cost may be less than starting your own business of the same type.
The Handyman Connection franchise network has an established reputation and image, proven management and work practices, access to national marketing and advertising, and ongoing business owner training and support.
Characteristics of a Successful Franchisee
The Initial Investment and Handyman Franchise Cost:
The initial handyman franchise cost to start a Handyman Connection business is $65,000, but several additional factors will add to that depending on how much marketing you will need to do, what resources you have (office, computers, etc.), and the size of business you plan to pursue. The initial investment, which includes your first 3 months of start-up, usually ranges from around $105,520 to $213,824. The entire handyman franchise cost is laid out in our Franchise Disclosure Document (FDD).
Type of Expenditure
Amount
Method of Payment
When Due
To Whom Payment is to be Made
Initial Franchise Fee
$65,000
Lump Sum
On Signing Franchise Agreement
Travel & Living Expenses while Training
$2,075 to $4,700
As Incurred
As Arranged
Airline, Hotels, Restaurants & Auto Rental
Real Estate (Leased)
$1,800 to $4,800
Per Lease Terms
Lessor
Office Equipment
$1,100 to $7,800
Various Vendors
Lease & Utility Deposits
$850 to $2,100
Upon Signing Lease
Landlord, Utility Company
Insurance
$3,135 to $7,624
Prior to & During Operation
Insurance Company or Agency
Licenses & Permits
$215 to $7,250
Prior to Opening
Government Agencies
Grand Opening Marketing, Advertising & Promotion
$21,685 to $57,900
Computer Hardware & Software
$1,425 to $10,025
Prior to Opening & During Operations
Proprietary Software License
$5,000
Prior to Initial Training
Additional Funds - Working Capital (est. 3 Months)
$3,325 to $41,625
As Incurred During Operation
Various Vendors including Handyman Connection
Total
$105,520 to $213,824
Contact | Handyman Franchise Opportunities
Privacy Policy | Handyman Franchise Opportunities
Refresh Your Home with Handyman Connection's Spring Cleaning Checklist
As spring arrives, it’s the perfect time to breathe new life into your living space. After months of winter hibernation, a thorough spring cleaning can revitalize your home and prepare it for the warmer months ahead. If you’re ready to tackle some essential cleaning tasks, we’ve compiled a simplified checklist to help you get started.
Clean inside cabinets:
Utilize spacious storage containers
Home Storage Services
Dust in corners and under furniture
Fix up grout
Tackle bathroom maintenance
Spring cleaning isn’t just about tidying up your home; it’s about refreshing your living space and creating a welcoming environment for the season ahead. By following this simplified checklist, you can tackle essential cleaning tasks efficiently and effectively, allowing you to enjoy a clean and comfortable home all spring.
Seal Your Home's Love with Warmth: Checking for Drafts in February | Handyman Corporate
As the month of love unfolds, it’s the perfect time to show your home some affection by ensuring it stays warm and cozy during the lingering winter chill. February is an ideal month to inspect your living space for drafts, those sneaky culprits that can compromise your home’s warmth and energy efficiency. Let Handyman Connection guide you through checking for drafts and sealing your home with the love it deserves.
1. Conduct a Thorough Inspection:
2. Feel for the Breeze:
3. Check for Window and Door Seals:
4. Utilize Weather Stripping:
5. Professional Assistance from Handyman Connection:
Home Maintenance Services.
As you check for drafts and seal your home’s love with warmth, trust Handyman Connection to be your reliable partner. Our commitment to excellence and customer satisfaction ensures that your home receives the care it deserves, making February a month of comfort, coziness, and love. The only thing left to do is to set up an appointment with one of our reliable craftsmen today!
Contact Us
calling us by phone
Heartfelt Home Organization: A February Journey with Handyman Connection | Handyman Corporate
February is the month of love, and what better way to express affection than by showing your home some heartfelt organization? Amidst the chilly days and cozy nights, Handyman Connection invites you on a journey of home improvement that goes beyond mere aesthetics, delving into the heart of your living space to create an environment that radiates love and functionality.
Declutter and Simplify:
Create Functional Storage Solutions:
Kitchen Harmony:
Cozy Nooks and Workspaces:
Personalize Your Sanctuary:
February is not just about roses and chocolates; it’s an opportunity to cultivate love and harmony within your home. Let Handyman Connection guide this heartfelt home organization journey, where every improvement reflects your love and care for your living space. Embrace the warmth of a well-organized home, and let February be the month your home receives the love it truly deserves.
call us by phone
As February rolls in, it’s the perfect time to show your home some love and attention. Winter can take a toll on various aspects of your property, and a proactive approach to maintenance can prevent small issues from becoming major headaches. Here are some essential maintenance tips for February to keep your home in top shape and how Handyman Connection can be your trusted partner in ensuring your home gets the care it deserves.
1. Check Your Heating System:
2. Inspect and Clean Gutters:
3. Seal Windows and Doors:
carpentry services
4. Roof Inspection:
5. Exterior Maintenance:
maintenance services
In the month of love, give your home the attention it deserves. Handyman Connection’s team of skilled professionals is ready to assist with all your home maintenance needs. By addressing these essential tasks in February, you not only enhance your home’s longevity but also create a comfortable and welcoming space for the coming seasons. Show your home some love, and let Handyman Connection be your partner in maintaining a healthy and happy home.
call Handyman Connection
Handyman Connection offers a selection of minor remodeling project ideas
The focus on budget-friendly solutions doesn’t compromise on the potential for a stunning transformation. These minor remodeling project ideas are carefully curated to provide maximum impact with minimal financial strain. Whether you’re a homeowner looking to add a contemporary touch or a business aiming to spruce up your kitchen space, Handyman Connection’s approach ensures you can achieve the desired aesthetic appeal without the stress of a major financial commitment.
1. Repaint the Walls
A fresh coat of paint can transform your kitchen’s look and feel. Opt for glossy paint, which is easy to clean and ideal for withstanding the occasional grease and sauce splatters. Handyman Connection recommends exploring color inspiration from resources like House Beautiful and Good Housekeeping to find the perfect hue for your kitchen.
2. Repaint, Refinish, or Reface the Cabinets
Give your cabinets a facelift without breaking the bank. Whether repainting, refinishing, or refacing, these options are more budget-friendly than completely replacing cabinets. Refinishing or repainting involves sanding and updating the cabinet’s appearance, while refacing entails replacing just the doors, providing a cost-effective alternative.
3. Replace the Countertops
Upgrade your kitchen’s working areas with a countertop replacement. Butcher’s block countertops are popular; you can replace only a section to save costs.
4. Install New Flooring
flooring services
5. Upgrade Your Light Fixtures
electrical services
6. Add a Backsplash
Elevate your kitchen’s style with a tile backsplash. Consider porcelain or ceramic tiles for an affordable yet chic option, or explore peel-and-stick alternatives that mimic the look of tile or glass.
remodeling
1-800-88-HANDY
5 Things to Consider When Hiring a Professional for a Basement Remodel
As the holiday season ends and the time comes to say goodbye to the festive décor, the challenge of neatly stowing it away until the next year arises. Handyman Connection guides you through efficient home organization ideas that make storing holiday decorations a breeze. Follow our organized approach to seasonal decor management for a stress-free experience.
Maximize Your Space:
Meticulous Organization:
Careful Packing Techniques:
Conclusion:
Storage Services
Some services may not be available depending on your location
New Year, New Look: 2024 Paint Trends from Handyman Connection That Will Pop! | Handyman Corporate
As we enter the new year, get ready to transform your living spaces with the latest painting trends in 2024 with Handyman Connection. Painting companies have unveiled a vibrant palette that promises to breathe fresh life into homes, offering a perfect opportunity to revitalize your surroundings. At Handyman Connection, we are happy to help bring any painting ideas you have to life, thanks to our dedicated painting crew!
Here’s a list of the exciting trends that will dominate the interior design scene:
Bold Hues Take Center Stage:
Tranquil Nature-Inspired Palettes:
Patterns and Textures Make a Comeback:
Need Some Help?
Get Started on Your Next Painting Project
Projects Wrapped 2023: A Wrap-Up of Our Handyman Home Improvement Projects | Handyman Corporate
2023 Projects Wrapped
expertise and dedication
2023 Projects Wrapped Highlights
A Deck Build With a Twist
A Kitchen Remodel of Quality
A Window Project With Attention to Detail Covered
Our third project that we at Handyman Connection are extremely proud of is this bay window project, which involved adding new siding and trim. Our craftsmen treat every job with dedication and attention to detail, big or small!
Being Warm and Safe With a Fireplace Renovation
Be warm and cozy this winter with a beautiful and useful fireplace. Renovating a fireplace can have some unique challenges, but Handyman Connection has got it covered! Contact us today to make your fireplace a beautiful and safe addition to your home.
Woodworking and Renovation Work Built for You
Another project we at Handyman Connection wanted to highlight was this custom-built doggy room with a barn door attached. Our handy craftsmen are more than up to the task when doing custom renovations and woodworking!
That’s a Wrap!
visit our Pinterest
Harnessing Energy Efficiency for National Energy Conservation Day With Handyman Connection | Handyman Corporate
As we celebrate National Energy Conservation Day on December 14th, there’s no better time to reflect on our home’s energy usage and explore ways to make it more efficient. A key aspect of this endeavor is weatherproofing, which includes insulation and weatherstripping. These measures contribute to a greener planet and help homeowners save on energy bills. Some of the following tips can help you save money and be comfortable this winter and beyond:
Weatherproofing: A Path to Energy Efficiency
Effective weatherproofing involves fortifying your home against the elements, preventing energy loss, and maintaining a comfortable indoor environment. Key components of this strategy include insulation and weatherstripping.
Insulation: The Thermal Armor
Proper insulation acts as a thermal barrier, reducing heat transfer between the interior and exterior of your home. It keeps your living spaces cooler in the summer and warmer in the winter, significantly decreasing the workload on your heating and cooling systems. This, in turn, translates to lower energy consumption and reduced utility bills.
Weatherstripping: Sealing the Gaps
Handyman Connection: Your Partner in Energy Efficiency
Making your home energy-efficient requires skill and expertise; this is where Handyman Connection steps in. Our skilled craftsmen specialize in various services to enhance your home’s energy efficiency. From expert insulation installations to precise weatherstripping, we tailor our solutions to meet the specific needs of your home.
Home Holiday Season Checklist: Transform Your Home With Handyman Connection
As the holiday season draws near, turning your home into a festive oasis is a delightful way to usher in...
Brighten Up Your Holidays: Tips for Safe and Festive Lighting from Handyman Connection
The holiday season is synonymous with sparkling lights and festive decorations that transform our homes into winter wonderlands. While the...
December Home Maintenance Reminder: Check for Plumbing Leaks
Did you know that just one small water leak in your home can waste thousands of gallons of water per...
Have a Safe Home Fireplace From Handyman Connection
Follow These Helpful Safety Tips from Handyman Connection for a Warm and Safe Home Fireplace Ensure a safe and warm...
Handyman Connection’s Aging in Place Services: Your Path to Comfortable and Safe Living
As the golden years gracefully arrive, the aspiration of "aging in place" becomes a cherished dream for many seniors. The...
Last-Minute Home Prep for the Holiday Season with Handyman Connection
The holiday season is almost here, and there is a lot to look forward to during this time of year,...
Permanent Holiday Lighting: Maintenance and Safety Tips with Handyman Connection
Permanent holiday lighting is a delightful way to infuse your home with a festive atmosphere year-round. However, to ensure the...
Preparing Your Home for Winter: The Importance of Clean Gutters
Helpful Home Maintenance Tips From Handyman Connection To Get Your Gutters Ready for Cold Weather As October and November months...
National Fire Prevention Week: Handyman Connection’s Tips for Safeguarding Your Home
Since 1922, the National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) has sponsored National Fire Prevention Week, which serves as a crucial reminder...
Celebrating Skilled Trades: The Heart of National Tradesmen Day
See How Tradesmen and Women are So Important In Our Lives and Society as a Whole Every third Friday in...
Safety Tips for a Spooktacular Halloween
When it comes to favorite holidays, Halloween tops the list for many kids and adults alike. However, there are many...
Fall Home Energy Efficiency: Tips to Save Money and Stay Cozy
Follow These Energy-Saving Tips to Save Money This Fall As the days grow shorter and the temperature drops, it's time...
Ditch the Disorder: Closet Edition!
Are you sick of finding an avalanche of clothes, shoes, and accessories when you open your closet? Does the mere...
Decorate For Fall: 5 Great Ideas to Spruce Up Your Front Porch This Season!
As the air turns crisp and leaves begin to change, it's time to usher in the cozy charm of fall...
Prepping Your Home for Game Day: Home Maintenance Tips for a Winning Sunday!
With Football Season Back, Use These Home Maintenance Ideas to Make Your Home the Go-To Game-Day Spot As the much-anticipated...
Transform Your Space: Handyman Connection’s August Home Renovation Ideas for Home Offices and Study Areas
Check Out These Home Renovation Tips to Make Your Home the Ultimate Study and Work Space As we dive into...
Fall Home Maintenance Reminders
September is just around the corner, and that means Fall is on its way...bringing cooler temperatures and brightly colored leaves...
Page not found | Handyman Corporate
404
Great Service, Good quality for the Value- Absolutely - genuine, honest and good people. Handymanconnection in winter-park Handymanconnection in winter-park, Florida 1850 Lee Road, Suite 313 Winter Park, FL 32789 Certified Building Contractor 126218 Brian and Bryson manages the office, I believe:) Assumption. Brian is a top notch in this town for Handyman Connection. Brian is genuine, honest and he knows the job also...Only there is no miltiiary discounts:) Yesterday we had a great experience with Sterling carlton. Sterling was punctual and he did come on time on a Saturday. He was sharp, Prior to his coming, he also informed, he is on the way. He knew his job well and he also advised on few things about some new projects, which we can give to Brian and his company. Sterling is a nice person, most knowledgeable in Brian's Organization, he knows the job well. Please pass on my sincere thanks to him for the good job done on February 10th 2024 - Saturday.. ew others to mention : John and Ben -family appreciates their honesty, good work ethic-do not waste time nor sit and talk or so -highly professional. Victor earlier he was pretty sharp and intelligent Bryson is appreciated as per my family. Thanks again Sri Rang Thanks & Best Regards, Respectfully Submitted, Sridhar Rangaswamy ("Sri") US Trademarks: #5030763 & 4837686 "Promise Less/Under Promise and Deliver More" "Excellence is not an act, it is a Habit" "Honesty is the Best Policy"Be Truthful,Honest and Fair" Date of experience: February 10, 2024
🙏Brian and Bryson manages the office, I believe:) Assumption. Brian is a top notch in this town for Handyman Connection. Brian is genuine, honest and he knows the job also...Only there is no miltiiary discounts:) Yesterday we had a great experience with Sterling carlton. Sterling was punctual and he did come on time on a Saturday. He was sharp, Prior to his coming, he also informed, he is on the way. He knew his job well and he also advised on few things about some new projects, which we can give to Brian and his company. Sterling is a nice person, most knowledgeable in Brian's Organization, he knows the job well. Please pass on my sincere thanks to him for the good job done on February 10th 2024 - Saturday.. few others to mention : John and Ben -family appreciated Bryson is appreciated as per my family. Thanks again Sri Rang
I wish there were more than five stars. I have planned a screened in porch that would be a s safe place for my cat to play and interact with the outdoors for over a year. I had pictures and a 7’x17’ slab. I also wanted to have an attractive mosquito free area to sip coffee and enjoy friends. The craftsmen at Handyman Connection built exactly what I saw in my imagination. They are easy to work with, the quality of their workmanship is unquestionable. I have the catio of my dreams.
Whatever challenging handy work you need accomplished, Handyman Connection is the right company to get it done. They completed many things for me that I just could not do myself and I had time restrictions to get completed. Ron Sparks was the Master Craftsman that did such a fantastic job for me. He complete door handle & lock replacements, adjust two door that never opened and closed properly, completed several electrical projects and dry wall work and several smaller project items to really help pull all the work together. Ron was on time, complete the work as scheduled and was a true professional. I would recommend Handyman connection to complete projects that you want done in timely manner but must importantly done correctly and to your satisfaction.
Work is top notch. Repaired drywall on ceiling and matched 20 year old paint for the wall and ceiling (2 different colors). Needed them on short notice and they showed up on time. Highly recommend Handyman Connection of Spring! See before and after pics.
I've been very pleased with the services I've received from Handyman Connections. The professionals they send to do the work required are knowledgeable, pleasant and do excellent work. I've been especially impressed with the electrician, Yiftach. The service is also provided in a timely manner and you're kept up to date on their arrival time.
I had Greg from Handyman Connection come to my rental property to fix the front door that would not close. He arrived on time and was very professional and did a great job. I would definitely hire him again for any future things that may go wrong.
Arrived on time. Went to work and found the cabinet work was easier than expected and asked if there was anything else we needed fixed. We had a door to the outside back that did not close well and asked if she could fix that. She studied it and said sure. That was repaired and works fine now and it was all done within the original quoted price. We were very happy with the work. Henry
Excellent professional work provided by a courteous, conscientious technician.  Very reasonable pricing.  Highly recommend Handyman Connection.
Joel B
July 1, 2022
Pleased with the service especially since the original choice they made to do my needed repairs had to cancel at the last minute. Fortunately they replaced that handyman with Ron Besch who made needed repairs on a timely basis.
Maureen M
Wonderful service
Henrietta E
June 29, 2022
The handyman that came out and repaired the facia on our gutters was very professional and went out of his way for to do a quality job that would last. I will certainly I use them again in the future.
Andrew H
Great experience other projects to come awaiting estimates based on measurements taken during most recent visit

Everything accomplished with great satisfaction
Frederick H
June 28, 2022
Excellent service on short notice! Would definitely use again.
Carter B
Pros & Cons of Installing a Walk-In Tub | Handyman Corporate
If you or a family member has mobility issues or is interested in aging in place, a walk-in tub may be a worthwhile investment to consider. With its low threshold and built-in safety and comfort features such as non-skid flooring, grab bars, anti-scald valves and seat, walk-in tubs can make bathing a safe, enjoyable experience for seniors and others with decreased mobility. Here are a few of the pros and cons to help you decide if a walk-in tub is right for you.
Pro: Health Benefits of Hydrotherapy
Con: Waiting for the Tub to Fill & Empty
One of the biggest downsides to walk-in tubs is the time it takes to fill and empty them. One necessary but inconvenient feature of walk-in tubs is that you have to get in and close the door before turning the water on, which also means that the door can’t be opened until the water has been completely drained. While it only takes about seven minutes to drain, that’s plenty of time to catch a chill as you wait, especially for older people who are more susceptible to the cold. Many tubs feature heated seats to help counter this problem, but it’s also wise to have a towel handy to cover up with as the water drains out.
Pro: Similar Water Usage
this is not always the case
Con: Cost of Installation
Walk-in tubs are an investment. They can be fairly expensive and generally are not covered under Medicare or Medicaid. The price for the walk-in tub itself runs from $1,000 on up to $5,000. Installation costs can also vary greatly, depending on whether you need a home plumbing repair, a new water heater or an upgraded electrical or plumbing system. The total cost including walk-in tub installation can reach $10,000 on the high end.
Trust Our Plumbing Professionals
If you are ready to install your own walk-in tub, your next step should be to call Handyman Connection at 1-800-88-HANDY. One of our experienced plumbers will come out and take stock of your bathroom situation, then let you know exactly what it will take to install a walk-in tub in your home. Call today!
10 Smart Ways to Make a Home Safer for Your Aging Parents | Handyman Corporate
Just under six percent of American households are multi-generational, with three or more generations living together under one roof. And as the U.S. population ages (there are almost 50 million people aged 65 and over in this country), that number will grow. If you’re dealing with an aging parent, keeping them in their home or moving them into your own can be the most convenient way to go. But you may need to make some changes for safety’s sake.
Light it up
Updating the lighting in your home is one very simple way to make it safer and more comfortable for your aging parent. Add nightlights in the bedroom, bathroom, and hallways for safety. Then make sure there is appropriate, bright task lighting wherever your parent needs it: near her reading chair, for example, or in the kitchen. And if possible (you may have to bring in an electrician), make sure controls for the lights, thermostat, and so on are easy to reach and use.
Safer showering
Bathroom basics
Grab bars are also a must near the toilet, as aging legs and knees may have difficulty sitting down and standing up from the seat. Adding a raised toilet seat can also be helpful. Another senior-friendly option is a two-level vanity, with a lower portion for use when seated. Finally, reversing the hinges on the door so it opens out, instead of in, gives everyone in your family more space to move around in a bathroom’s smaller footprint. Keep the bathroom free of clutter, too.
Hands-free help
Bruen says he has been installing more touchless faucets for his customers. These allow aging parents to turn on the water with a wave or tap, instead of having to grip a faucet handle. And for about $50, you can retrofit almost any toilet to flush with the wave of a hand, too. Not only is this more sanitary, it means older family members don’t have to lean over to flush the toilet manually.
Wider halls and doors
Especially if you’re dealing with aging parents who use wheelchairs, you will need doorways that are at least 32- inches wide (34 inches is even better) and hallways measuring 42-inches wide or wider. Remember that even if you are not facing mobility issues now, you might in the future, so being prepared is helpful. Doorway thresholds can be a tripping hazard, so eliminate those where possible. And for aging parents who do have mobility challenges, make sure you know how to prevent and treat bed sores.
Be rug-smart
If you have area rugs, get rid of them if possible; otherwise, be sure edges are very secure so no one trips on them. Rearrange furniture so that high-traffic areas are clear and there’s plenty of room to move freely. And how about adding some easy-care plants: They’ll detox your home and add cheer at the same time.
Easier openings
If your home’s interior doors have doorknobs, consider swapping them out for levers, which are easier for aging parents to operate. Got a sliding glass door? It may be difficult for an elderly person to open and close due to its weight. Bruen says he fixes this by replacing old sliding doors with newer models, which are made with better, lighter-weight materials.
Safer entry
Cut out climbing
If at all possible, create living spaces for your aging parent that are all on a single level, so Mom or Dad does not have to climb any stairs. This might mean converting or adding sleeping and bathroom space on your first floor. A stair lift might also be an option, but make sure your relatives feel comfortable with it first. It is not worth the expense and hassle of installation if they are afraid to use it.
Aging In Place Archives | Handyman Corporate
Advice on Updating Your Home for Aging in Place If you or your loved one are experiencing aging in place...
Best Remodel Ideas for Aging In Place
Your home is your ultimate comfort place. You want to stay in your home for as long as possible. As...
How to Make a Doorway Wheelchair-Accessible
As our population ages, the necessity for wheelchairs, walkers and other assistive devices proportionally increases. At the same time, more...
5 Age-in-Place Home Improvements to Make Now
The concept of “aging in place” has become increasingly common over the past several decades, as baby boomers consider options...
Facebook
Email address or phone number:
Password:
Forgotten account?
Create New Account
This browser is no longer supported.
Please switch to a supported browser to continue using twitter.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.
Best Remodel Ideas for Aging In Place | Handyman Corporate
Your home is your ultimate comfort place. You want to stay in your home for as long as possible. As more Americans get older, more are considering how best to “age in place.” If your house is older, that could mean making updates to your home.
Of course, individual health needs will need to be taken into account and you’ll want to talk with a professional remodeling services company to figure out what updates are best for your home. Despite this, there are some updates you can make to make growing old easier.
Update your flooring
Bathrooms
Hand railings
Aging in place is different for everyone. Talking about options with a remodeling services company like Handyman Connection will help you prepare and do everything you can to make sure you or your loved ones can age in place in the comfort of their own home.
Basement Archives | Handyman Corporate
A Guide to Leaky Faucet Fixes
Drip… drip… drip… In terms of household annoyances, dripping faucets are up there with beeping smoke detectors and creaky floorboards. ...
3 Ideas to Reinvent Your Basement Space
Basements have a ton of potential and can offer some great benefits, but only if you’re smart about how you...
4 Questions to Ask Yourself Before Remodeling Your Basement
If you have an unfinished basement, or one that isn’t being utilized to its full potential, a basement remodel* is...
Top 3 Reasons to Remodel Your Basement
We get it. You’ve been on the fence about remodeling your basement because your friends and family are unsure if...
Bathroom Archives | Handyman Corporate
Bathroom Remodel Tips
8 Things to Consider for a Bathroom Remodel A well-designed bathroom can add value to your home, increase its resale...
Cost-Effective Ways to Enhance a Bathroom with Fixtures
Bathrooms are often ignored when it comes to interior design; they usually remain untouched, with the exception of a new...
4 Trends in Faucet Technology
Kitchen and bathroom renovations are still among the most popular home improvement projects for homeowners looking to update their homes....
Ideas to Take Your Bathroom Remodel to the Next Level
If you want to add a little elegance to your home, the bathroom is a great place to start. Since...
The Pros & Cons of Frameless Shower Doors
If you’ve been keeping up on the latest in bathroom designs, you’ve probably noticed the prevalence of frameless shower doors....
5 Low-Cost Updates to Freshen the Bathroom
Along with kitchen remodels, bathroom renovations remain among the most popular remodeling projects, and also provide a solid return on...
Bathroom Upgrade Inspirations
Floating Vanity A floating vanity updates any style of bath and makes the room feel airy by adding open space...
Carpentry Archives | Handyman Corporate
Wainscoting & Board and Batten Walls Add Character to Your Home
When installing wainscoting you can find many different options of what type to get for your home. There are three...
Decks Archives | Handyman Corporate
Deck Installation: 4 Factors to Consider When Installing a New Deck
There are four main areas you will need to think about when planning a deck installation: location, style, budget, and...
Your Guide to Building an Outdoor Kitchen
Professional Tips and Your Guide to an Outdoor Kitchen Home Improvement Unlock new possibilities in your backyard and outdoor entertainment...
Ultimate Power Washing Guide
Reliable and Top Advice: The Ultimate Power Washing Guide Power washing—or pressure washing—is a convenient tool to get that dirt...
Drywall Archives | Handyman Corporate
Electrical Archives | Handyman Corporate
6 Stunning Exterior Lighting Options for Your Home
Exterior lighting is important because it helps to illuminate your home. The right lighting can also improve curb appeal and...
How to Pick the Right Light Fixtures
Learn How to Pick the Right Light Fixtures for Your Home If you are upgrading rooms in your home or...
4 Under-Cupboard Lighting Ideas to Make Your Kitchen Pop
Lighting is an important aspect in any room design. But when it comes to your kitchen, the lighting you choose...
How to Avoid Tripping the Circuit Breaker This Holiday
It’s easy to blow a fuse on a normal day. But during the holidays, when you have double the amount...
How to Know When It’s Time to Rewire Your Home
If you’re living in or have recently purchased an older home, you might notice that some of the electric isn’t...
4 Common Garbage Disposal Problems
The garbage disposal is one of those conveniences of modern life that has become indispensable to many homeowners. Unfortunately, when...
4 Things to Do After a Power Outage
While power outages can be scary and uncomfortable, in general they’re not much more than a minor inconvenience, as most...
Avoid Holiday Disasters: Hire a Handyman
While many people enjoy going all-out with holiday decorations and love hosting get-togethers with family and friends, the prospect of...
3 Home Improvements That Are Illegal to DIY
If you’re an avid do-it-yourselfer, there are likely many DIY home improvements that you’re capable of tackling on your own....
Light Bulb Moment: Tips to Choose the Right Bulb
Gone are the days when you can walk into the store and grab a pack of light bulbs. With such...
Fences Archives | Handyman Corporate
Flooring Archives | Handyman Corporate
Say Goodbye to Carpet, Hello Laminate Wood Flooring
Laminate wood flooring is one of the most popular options for homeowners looking to replace carpeting. It is an affordable...
Heated Floors: A Guide to Heated Decks and Floors for the Winter Months
Reliable Heated Floors Advice: A Guide to Heated Decks and Floors for the Winter Months  Once winter comes around, it’s...
Home Flooring: A Guide to Flooring Your Kitchen and Bathrooms
Discover Home Flooring Tips and Tricks in a Guide to Flooring Your Kitchen and Bathrooms You want to update the...
Gutters Archives | Handyman Corporate
How to Gauge Gutters Before You Buy
Gutters are an important investment for any home. If your old ones are constantly leaking or draining improperly, it might...
Clean Gutters = Clean Conscience!
We get it…and we are on your side. This summer has been flying by and you’re busy with family get-togethers,...
Home Improvement Archives | Handyman Corporate
Choosing the Right Exterior Door for Your Home
One of the first things guests and people passing by notice about your home is the exterior entry door. A...
August Home Organization Project: Bathrooms
Even a large bathroom can begin to feel cramped when there’s too much clutter in the space. Here’s how to...
How Fixing Up Your Home Can Help Improve Your Mood
Making changes to your home can have a positive impact on your mood and wellbeing. Whether it’s rearranging your furniture,...
As Economy Improves, Consumers Are Turning To Improve Their Home
When the Great Recession hit the United States in 2008, the plummeting of consumer spending was one of the first...
Hire vs. DIY – What’s the Best Approach for Home Improvement?
When it comes to home improvement projects, there are many decisions to make. Should you do the project yourself or...
Home Maintenance Archives | Handyman Corporate
The Essential Guide to Childproofing Your Home
Having a child in the home can be an exciting and rewarding experience, but it also comes with a lot...
How to Clean Your Gutters Like a Pro
The first step to clean the gutters is inspecting the condition of your gutters. You will need a ladder and...
10 Fire Safety Tips for Your Home
Fire safety is important for everyone, especially those who live in apartments, houses, and other buildings where fires can easily...
Home Maintenance Checklist for the Fall
Home maintenance is important because it helps prevent damage from occurring over time. If you want to get started, here...
Installations Archives | Handyman Corporate
Should You Add Cabinets to Your Kitchen? What You Need to Know
If you’re tired of overflowing pantries and drawers and countertops (oh my!), then you may be considering adding new cabinets...
Best Kitchen Flooring Options for 2020
One of the most important and long-lasting choices you’ll make while remodeling your kitchen is the flooring. But which kitchen...
Choosing Blinds, Shades or Curtains: What to Consider
When it comes to window treatments, there’s no shortage of options available. But which one is right for your home?...
A Buyer’s Guide to Energy Efficient Windows
Upgrading to energy efficient windows is a great way to save on heating and cooling bills while also keeping your...
Kitchen Archives | Handyman Corporate
Which Kitchen Countertops are Best for Me?
You’re going to be using your countertops every day. A remodeling services company will make sure you’re happy with the...
Kitchen remodeling for the holidays
Holiday season is quickly approaching. If you’re hosting your family or any sort of holiday party this season, you’re probably...
4 Ways to Make a Small Kitchen Look Bigger
The kitchen is often the busiest room of the home. A variety of activities take place here, from food prep...
Alternatives to the Trend of Open Shelving in the Kitchen
While open shelving in the kitchen has been trending for several years as an alternative to traditional kitchen cabinets, they...
How Kitchen Islands Add Style and Functionality
Kitchen islands are becoming very popular these days. They provide extra space for cooking and entertaining guests. What are some...
5 Simple Kitchen Organization Tips
Kitchen organization can be challenging. There are so many things to consider, from storage space to countertops. The good news...
Maintenance Archives | Handyman Corporate
4 Tips for Winterizing Your Home
Winter is almost upon us. Are you ready? If you live in the northern United States, then you probably already...
Newsletter Archives | Handyman Corporate
September Home Organization Project: The Master Closet
Do you need to whip your master closet into shape? Walk-in closets tend to get quickly overrun with piles of...
Outdoors Archives | Handyman Corporate
The Ultimate Outdoor Patio Guide for Summer BBQs
Do you have an outdoor space where you can barbeque and entertain guests? Here are some ways you can create...
11 Benefits of Creating an Outdoor Living Space
Outdoor living spaces are becoming increasingly popular, and they offer a number of benefits. If you live in a hot...
How to Setup the Perfect Outdoor Patio
What is a Garden Box and How to Build One
What is a Garden Box and How to Build One with For Your Yard If you are looking to add...
Painting Archives | Handyman Corporate
How Different Home Paint Colors Evoke Different Emotions
Have you ever wondered why different colors evoke different emotions? While many people simply choose their home paint color based...
When it comes to choosing the right interior paint color for your home, there are numerous factors to consider. We'll...
Red, White, or Blue? Let us Lend a Hand with Your Next Painting Project!
Update Your Home with Interior and Exterior Painting The warm months of the summer are a great time to update...
How to Paint your House and When to Call the Professionals
Painting Your House? Tips from Our Craftsmen Painting your house can be a large job, if you want to repaint...
Repainting 101: When and Why should I repaint?
It’s hard to know when or even why you should repaint certain rooms or areas of your house. Paint can...
Why – and How – You Should Paint Your Home This Year
Most people would rather do anything besides watching paint dry, especially when you're painting your entire house. But adding a fresh...
Best Painting Techniques of Professional Painters
Do you ever wonder why certain paint jobs stand out more than others? Sometimes it comes down to the painting...
How do you put together an estimate for a painting project?
Painting projects can seem pretty straight forward. But how much does it really cost? How much time will it take...
3 Simple Paint Jobs to Consider Before Thanksgiving
If you’re hosting Thanksgiving for your family and friends this year, you might be looking at ways to spruce up...
Best Colors to Paint Your House
What are the best colors to paint your house?  Painting your house is one of the easiest ways you can...
Plumbing Archives | Handyman Corporate
Six Plumbing Noises You Shouldn’t Ignore
Have you heard any odd plumbing noises that may be emitting from underneath your sink? What do these noises mean?...
Weekend Upgrade: Fix a Leaky Faucet
The slow, steady drip of a leaky faucet is enough to drive even the most patient person a little crazy....
How to Unclog a Toilet
It’s the stuff made of nightmares: you just finished using the restroom and when you go to flush the toilet,...
The Top 4 Most Common Plumbing Problems
Functional plumbing is one of the many things in life that we tend to take for granted – until the...
Handy Tips to Keep Pipes from Freezing
From late fall on into winter, holiday parties, family gatherings and other special occasions are the focus of families across...
Press Releases Archives | Handyman Corporate
HANDYMAN CONNECTION NAMED TO QUALIFIED REMODELER TOP 500 FOR 2022
BLUE ASH, Ohio – Qualified Remodeler, a leading publication serving remodelers and home improvement companies in the U.S., has ranked...
HANDYMAN CONNECTION OF EDEN PRAIRIE OWNER NATE BRUEN-O’BRIEN AWARDED FRANCHISEE OF THE YEAR BY INTERNATIONAL FRANCHISE ASSOCIATION
Recognized for being an outstanding owner-operator; Exemplifying excellence in workforce leadership BLUE ASH, Ohio (March 1, 2022) — Home repair and...
Handyman Connection Gives Back In Honor Of National Home Improvement Month
- Leading Home Repair Company Kicks Off May Assisting Local Charities Across the Country - BLUE ASH, OH — May 8,...
Handyman Connection Announces 2017 Franchise Award Winners
BLUE ASH, Ohio, Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Handyman Connection, a home repair company with over 25 years experience, held its annual...
Handyman Connection Included in Qualified Remodeler’s HIP 200 List for 2016
The Home Improvement Pro (HIP) 200 List, represents nearly $4.3 billion in remodeling revenue BLUE ASH, OH., Jan. 11, 2017...
Handyman Connection Named As One Of Franchise Times Top 200+ Franchises
Ohio-based Handyman Company Ranked #477 Among Country’s Largest 500 Franchises BLUE ASH, OH., Nov. 7, 2016 --  Handyman Connection announced...
Handyman Connection Focuses on Aging in Place
Handyman Connection recognizes that many senior homeowners would prefer to age in place rather than move to senior housing. To...
Handyman Connection Named to Qualified Remodeler Magazine’s Top 500 Remodelers List – Again!
Handyman Connection Takes First In Top Performers Category For The Fourth Consecutive Year - Ranked America’s #1 Handyman Company for 2016...
HomeAdvisor Recognizes Handyman Connection with 2016 Best of HomeAdvisor Award
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE June 3, 2016 BLUE ASH, OH — Handyman Connection is pleased to announce that six of its...
May is National Home Improvement Month
BLUE ASH, OH — May is National Home Improvement Month and there is no better time than now to let...
Remodeling Archives | Handyman Corporate
Are you thinking about starting a renovation project in your basement? If yes, then you might want to consider hiring...
Bold Colors Can Transform Interior Spaces
Bold colors are great for attracting attention, but they also tend to look very aggressive. How can you create bold...
With a sliding barn door, you have that much more flexibility to decide what it is that you want to...
Changing Up the Ceiling with Faux Beams
How to Buy & Install Faux Beams Faux beams are visually appealing and will add an aesthetically pleasing element with...
Why It’s Important to Update Your Bathroom with Bathroom Repair Services
Bathroom Repair: Discover Why It’s Important to Update Your Bathroom It’s important to keep your bathroom in your home updated...
Shelves Archives | Handyman Corporate
9 Steps to Hang Shelves
Hanging shelves is an easy task, but you must take the necessary precautions to get it right. This can only...
Breaking up Spaces with Open Shelves
Breaking up spaces with open shelves is a great way to add some character and liveliness to any room. It...
Getting Ready for Back to School, Cleaning up Virtual Schooling Space
Organize and Improve Your Home Classroom or Repurpose Rooms for Back to School For many students, virtual schooling is coming...
Storage Archives | Handyman Corporate
8 Home Storage Solutions to Stay Organized
Are you looking for ways to store your stuff at home? There are lots of options out there, but which...
Entryway Makeover
Professional Tips for an Entryway Makeover We all know the familiar image. You come home from work and kick off...
Shelving And Organizing Solutions For Your Home
As the items continue to clutter your house, you wonder if maybe the solution is paying for an off-site storage...
Uncategorized Archives | Handyman Corporate
General Handyman | Request a Free Estimate | Handyman Connection
How to Make a Doorway Wheelchair-Accessible | Handyman Corporate
As our population ages, the necessity for wheelchairs, walkers and other assistive devices proportionally increases. At the same time, more and more people are choosing to stay in their homes and age in place, rather than moving to a retirement home or assisted-living facility. Unfortunately, many houses are not built to accommodate wheelchairs. In most cases, some modifications will have to be made if you want to stay in your home, especially when it comes to doorways.
How to Determine If Your Doorways Need Widened
Though opinions on the amount of clearance needed for a wheelchair vary, according to the ADA, wheelchair-accessible doors must be a minimum of 32 inches wide. In general, this amount of space will allow a wheelchair-bound person to clear the door comfortably without bumping elbows or scraping knuckles on the doorframe. Before purchasing a wheelchair for yourself or a loved one, make sure to measure all interior and exterior doorways and tight corners first. This will help you know what size wheelchair will work for your home, and which doorways will need to be widened if you decide to go with a larger model.
Install a Ramp
Use Offset Hinges
If your door is just a little too narrow, replacing your standard door hinges with offset hinges can give you the extra couple of inches you need. Offset hinges can go in the exact same spot as the old hinges, and their unique design will open the door past the door frame instead of inside it, giving access to its entire width. Keep in mind, however, that there needs to be 2-3 inches of space between the existing hinge and the next wall for there to be room to put the offset hinge. In addition, with the door swinging an additional 2 inches into the room on offset hinges, any objects that are close to the door in its current location may block the door, preventing it from opening fully.
Widen the Doorway
If all else fails, you made need to widen the doorway to accommodate a wider door unit. Here are the basic steps to do this:
Remove the existing door unit and trim. The light switch may need to be relocated, depending on how close it is to the door.
Use the appropriate measurements to draw an outline on the wall for the widened doorway, then cut through the drywall along the lines you traced with a rotary cutting tool.
Cut through the nails at the door jamb and at the foot of the studs with a reciprocating saw, then pull the studs from the existing doorway to widen the framed opening. In some cases, it may be possible to just remove the cripple studs.
Finally, the new, wider door unit and trim can be put into place, and finish work such as painting the new door unit and trim, repairing the finished flooring and replacing the baseboards can commence.
Home Improvement Projects | Handyman Connection
Discover the Top 10 Home Improvement Projects for 2021
A few months into the new year, it’s time to begin planning which home improvement projects you would like to complete this year. Whether you have a long list or are just starting, here are the top 10 home improvement projects for 2021.
1.   The Kitchen:
2.   Home Office:
3.   Floor Plan:
4.   Paint:
5.   Laundry Rooms:
6.   Zoom Meetings:
7.   Outdoors:
8.   Windows:
9.   Exercise Rooms:
10.   Bathroom:
With these top 10 home improvement projects, you will be able to tackle 2021 with a variety of projects to look forward to. Take advantage of your spaces’ multi-use opportunities and create the home you and your family will continue to enjoy.
Contact Handyman Connection for all your home improvement needs. Schedule an estimate with our professional craftspeople.
Raised Garden Bed | Handyman Connection
Welcome to the world of gardening! If you’re looking for an easy way to start your own garden, building a raised bed is a great place to begin. Raised beds can give your garden structure and help improve soil drainage, and best of all – they’re incredibly simple to make. In this article, we’ll walk you through the process of constructing your very own raised garden bed!
Step 1:
Step 2:
Step 3:
Step 4:
Step 5:
And there you have it – a step-by-step guide for building a raised garden.
Dining Room | Handyman Connection
Reclaim Your Dining Room
Home Improvement Projects to Reclaim Your Dining Room
Many home spaces were converted into offices and workspaces during working from home last year. Our homes really stepped up to allow us to use the spaces in non-traditional ways, but with the return to working on-location and attending school in-person this fall, it’s time to reclaim your dining room and turn it back to normal.
The Temporary Office
Creating a temporary office meant turning the dining table into a workspace, bringing in file cabinets, your computer, printer, extra lighting, and more to be able to complete all your work there. Whether you only brought items into the room, or more structural changes were made, local craftspeople can help you restore your room back to its normal self.
Dining Room Upgrades
As you work on your room, you might visualize new ways to set it up after not having it be a dining room for so long. For example, some valuable home improvement upgrades can be installing new lighting fixtures, installing cabinets to store dishware, replacing your table for something smaller that the family can use, and more. There are many possible changes to consider.
Your dining room has proven it can be whatever you need it to be. Now it’s the time to reclaim it back to its original purpose, with a few updates along the way. See how you can restore your area and update it with a little paint job, new lighting, and more. The options are limitless.
December Home Maintenance Reminder: Check for Plumbing Leaks | Handyman Corporate
thousands of gallons of water
Where to Check
Toilets.
Faucets and sinks.
Showers and tubs.
Count on a Handyman
Paint Colour Trends for 2017 | Handyman Corporate
Paint Colour Trends for 2017
Colour forecasting is a fascinating occupation. Colour forecasters draw information from a multitude of sources, including the fashion industry, auto manufacturers and the housewares industry. They observe current events, the political climate, cultural shifts and their impact on the mood of the nation. They then translate all of this into the colours that they believe we will want around us in our daily lives. There is a definite science to colour forecasting, and the experts at
Sherwin-Williams
have shared four stunning palettes for their colormix™ 2017 Colour Forecast:
“The state of colour has never been more restless. New spirituality, cultural flux, feisty self-expression and soulful nostalgia are combining to paint an emerging portrait of our shared future.”
Noir Palette
It’s among our most precious commodities: night. We’re craving a refuge from urban streetlights and glowing screens, space to turn our gaze inward and recharge the spirit. Mindful melancholy is fueling a new romanticism marked by medieval patterns, revived customs and bittersweet beauty. The Dutch masters knew the secret: dark hues set a dramatic stage for sensuous luster. This palette is rich with vineripe fruits, Nordic blues, moody neutrals and golden yellows.
Holistic Palette
Sustainable design and radical transparency are the new standards. As our daily transactions move further into the cloud, acquiring experiences is becoming preferable to buying more things. “Doing good” is the new looking good, and it’s taking the form of “voluntourism,” healing retreats and eco-travel. We’re in pursuit of an elusive ideal: a fair luxury. The roads of this journey are lined with arctic neutrals, blush rose and wild browns.
Intrepid Palette
The virtual and the real are blurring in the form of seamless commerce and “office anywhere” collaboration. Impatient for social and political change, we’re reinventing ourselves first. Identity has never been more fluid. “You do you” is the mantra of a generation primed for self-expression, cheered on by their own #squad and tossing aside old categories. There’s a feisty energy to our present moment, arriving in fiery tones and vibrant, kimono colours.
Unbounded Palette
Global immigration is redefining borderlands, national identity and our sense of coexistence. We’re all citizens of the world now. Brands are becoming more purpose-driven, communities more connected. Design is adapting to more diverse populations. Overconsumption is, well, over. We’re more likely to invest in the best we can afford — crafted and customized — and then keep it forever. Global consciousness is a mural painted in earthy mustards, ocean blues, corals and mud.
Start out the new year with a new look in your home…a look that reflects both your confidence and comfort. You can rely on the painting experts at
to help you make it happen. Call us at 1-800-88-HANDY or
click here for a free, no-obligation project estimate
!
Sliding Screen Door | Fix Sliding Door | Handyman Connection
How to Fix a Sliding Screen Door
A sliding screen door is a great way to feel like the outdoors are part of your home without bugs and other critters actually getting into your home. However, sliding screen doors can break or stick when you try to pull it open or closed. Luckily, fixing your sliding screen door is actually quite easy.
How to Fix a Sliding Screen Door that Won’t Move
Clean the Track
Always try cleaning the track first. Dust, dirt, sand, pet hair and other debris can accumulate in the track making the door stick when you try to pull it. First, just try to clean this out and that may fix your problem. There are many DIY cleaning solutions you can easily make to help clean it out. Spray some of the solution in the track and take an old toothbrush and scrub out all the debris.
Replace the Wheels
If that doesn’t work you may need to replace the wheels. You will first need to remove the screen door from the track. Then remove the old wheels and go to your local hardware store to buy replacements. Remember to take the old wheels with you to ensure you buy the correct wheels for your screen door. Luckily, once you have cleaned out the track your wheels will last longer because they won’t get caught on any debris.
Straighten the Frame
You may also need to try straightening the frame. This is an easy fix as well. The metal frame around a sliding screen door is usually made from a lightweight material that can warp, bend or get damaged easily. Once the door is removed from the track check for areas that looked warped and bend them in the opposite direction, this will help straighten out the frame.
If you need help from professional craftsmen call or text your local Handyman Connection. We are happy to assist with all your home repair and improvement needs.
Deck Maintenance | Handyman Connection
How to Get Your Deck in Prime Shape for Entertaining
Deck maintenance
If you have a wooden deck, make sure you check for missing, loose, or broken boards before anything else. Repairing these is an essential part of deck maintenance – any more damage will only lead to further deterioration that will eventually need more extensive work down the line. Once that’s locked down, if it’s not too hot outside (cool enough for bare feet but warm enough not to dry up the wood), take a broom out and sweep up any stray dirt or leaves from your deck before they can cause significant harm.
If you have a composite deck you’re probably pretty familiar with how it should be maintained. Make sure you check for splinters, loose boards, and fading of the color. The best way to do this is to get down on your hands and knees and really get a good look at it.
Now that everything is inspected and no major problems are visible, you can set down to clean your deck. If your deck has a lot of wooden furniture like chairs, tables, and benches then there are a few different ways to begin cleaning them all (for example if there is one table that has had an umbrella over it for the past several months then don’t clean anything underneath it. Just get the table and clean it. The boards underneath won’t be affected). If you’re just getting one piece to start with, try grabbing a bucket of warm water and some soap that is formulated for decks – you can usually buy a small 3-4 ounce bottle for about 5 dollars.
Rinse down the furniture to get any loose debris or dirt out of the way, and then sponge up the surface with your cleaning solution. Rinse with the hose after you are done washing each piece (assuming it has no wooden parts). This method should be used to clean every walkway and any concrete patio furniture as well.
If you’re really set on making your deck look new again, you can apply a new sealer to the wood. This will help it resist water stains, protect it from pests if you have any, and ensure that the natural color doesn’t fade away. This is a little more time-consuming, but it can be well worth the effort if you really want your deck to look its best.
Before applying any sealer make sure that your deck’s surface is completely clean first. You should use a mild soap and water solution to clean away any dirt or grime that may still be clinging to the wood discolorations or areas where mildew will begin to grow in future seasons. Next, make sure that you finish off the washing process with a thorough scrubbing. Finally, you can use a sander to knock down any rough spots before applying layers of sealer to the surface.
Deck Staining | Deck Cleaning | Handyman Connection
Make your deck look like new with these deck cleaning and staining tips! There’s nothing like reviving your old deck to look new once again.
Evaluate your Deck for Damage
Before you start cleaning and staining your deck you should always make sure that your deck doesn’t have any damage. Check for rotting wood and broken boards. Replace the broken and rotting wood before you start anything else. This is a crucial step to ensure your deck is safe and secure.
Clean your Deck
You can choose to pressure wash your deck, but always make sure you hire a professional to pressure wash it for you, or you can try using cleaning solutions that help remove dirt, debris and mildew. Pressure washing may be the better option if your deck is really old. It will help remove any old stain so you can start from new. It is also much faster than cleaning and scrubbing your deck by hand.
Consider Applying a Wood Brightener
Wood brighteners are an easy step and should not be overlooked. During the deck staining process the stain will penetrate better if you use a wood brightener first. Spray a wood brightener on your deck, leave it on for a little while and then spray it off. It’s an easy step and it will refresh your old looking wood.
Deck Staining Time
Now it’s finally time for the deck staining. Do your research and find the best stain for your wood, your deck and your needs. There are many options to choose from. Always follow the directions on the stain can and only apply as much stain as the wood can absorb, don’t overdo it.
Take Your Time and Use the Right Materials
You may be eager to get your deck cleaned and stained quickly with materials you have lying around your home but it’s important to take your time and use the right materials. It will take you several days to finish your deck and it’s best to go one step at a time. Using the right materials will only help your deck down the road. The best materials and tools will create the best and lasting results.
Call or text your local Handyman Connection if you need assistance repairing and refreshing your old or damaged deck. Our craftsmen are skilled professionals and have the right tools to get the job done.
