Pinnacle Vet Specialists | Specialty & Emergency Veterinarian in Glen Mills, PA
Request a Consultation
600 Evergreen Drive
Suite 110,
Glen Mills,
PA
19342
(610) 477-8797
(610) 426-1266
Home
24/7 Emergency Care
Critical Care
Cardiology
Internal Medicine
Radiology
Neurology
Surgery
Our Team
Our Practice
Veterinary Externship Program
Ways to Refer
Brochure Request
Portal for Referring Veterinarians
Specialist Schedule
Client Forms
Coping with Pet Loss
Contact
Emergency? Call now!
for Your Best Friend
Get Directions Now
Giving Our Best for You & Your Pet 24/7
Specialty & Emergency Veterinary Care in Glen Mills, PA
We Are Board Certified Specialists
Our team includes board certified specialists in emergency medicine, critical care, cardiology, internal medicine, neurology, radiology, and veterinary surgery. Each member of our team is chosen not only for their medical expertise and skill, but also for their kindness, bedside manner, and ability to connect with pet parents.
Meet the Team
A Kinder Approach
to Emergency & Specialty Veterinary Medicine
At Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists, it’s not just what we do that matters, but how we do it. We strive to make every visit to our hospital as stress-free as possible. When visiting an emergency or specialty vet, we understand you may be worried, flustered, and unsure about what to expect. Our goal is to put your mind at ease by listening to your concerns, fully explaining our diagnostic and treatment options, and providing exceptional medicine that restores your pet’s health and happiness. With us, you and your pet are in good hands.
Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists invests in the latest, most advanced technology in veterinary medicine to give area pets access to some of the best that veterinary medicine has to offer. Our animal hospital features:
Ultrasound
16-slice CT scanner
Digital X-ray machine
CT scan
High-field 1.5T MRI
In-house testing laboratory
Endoscopy
Echocardiogram
With this technology, our team can deliver precise diagnostics and treatment plans designed to get your pet back to full health faster.
More About Our Hospital
Our Specialties
With our full range of specialties all in one hospital, we’re able to give pets and their parents a one-stop-shop for all their specialty veterinary needs.
24/7 emergency
Critical care
Internal medicine
Referring Veterinarians
Are you a general practice veterinarian looking for a specialist? We work with vets all over the Philadelphia area to provide an extension of care to your patients and clients. If you’re interested in partnering with us, we’d love to hear from you.
Referring Vets
Request Brochure
Join Our Team
As a brand-new specialty animal hospital, we’re growing. If you’re a talented veterinarian or veterinary professional who is passionate about nurturing the human-animal bond with exceptional veterinary medicine, apply today.
Text Us:
OPEN 24/7/365
Text Us: (610) 426-1266
Vet Referrals
About
× Close Panel
24-Hour Vet for Emergency Care in Glen Mills, PA | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Pet Emergency Glen Mills, PA?
Count on Our 24-Hour Vets
Get Directions
Call Us Now
We Support Your Primary Vet
Our 24-hour vets work with primary care veterinarians throughout the Philadelphia area to provide emergency and critical medicine for pets who need us. Our advanced emergency services are meant to compliment the care you receive from your regular veterinarian. After your pet is discharged from our hospital, we will inform your veterinarian of the care your pet received so they can provide effective follow-up treatment.
Our Emergency Care Services
Emergency veterinary medicine encompasses a range of medical branches, so we’ll draw on our board-certified team’s collective knowledge to give your pet the best care possible.
Some of the tools and services we use in emergency veterinary medicine include:
Advanced surgical suite, outfitted with endoscopy for minimally invasive procedures
Digital X-rays for fast, clear imaging
In-house lab that allows us to run accurate tests quickly
Dedicated ICU unit for critical care
CT scan and MRI machines for advanced imaging
Board certified specialists in emergency and critical care, neurology, cardiology, radiology, and internal medicine to support our 24-hour vets with specialized knowledge
Recognizing a Pet Emergency
It’s not always obvious! If your pet exhibits or experiences any of the following, contact us immediately:
Vomiting or diarrhea for more than 24 hours
Puncture wounds
Wounds that do not stop bleeding after 5 minutes
Loss of consciousness
Difficulty breathing (gagging, coughing, blue tongue)
Seizures
Inability to stand or walk
Distended or swollen stomach that is hard to the touch
Traumatic events (being hit by a car, falling from a great height, etc.)
Difficulty or inability to urinate or defecate
Ingestion of a toxic substance (chocolate, grapes/raisins, xylitol, rodenticides, human medication, antifreeze, household cleaners, etc.)
Heatstroke (heavy panting, lethargy, high body temperature)
Encounter or fight with a wild animal
Veterinary Critical Care Specialist in Glen Mills, PA | Pinnacle Vet Specialists
Veterinary Critical Care Specialists
in Glen Mills, PA
Our Veterinary Critical Care Services
Our critical care services can save your pet’s life. If your pet ever becomes critically injured or develops a life-threatening illness or disease, they’ll need emergency critical care promptly. Often times, critical conditions require not only immediate medical care, but prolonged monitoring and life support. At Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists, we have the equipment and a specialty team to deliver this life-saving care.
Our critical care services include:
ICU unit to provide 24/7 monitoring and life-support care
Surgical services for suturing wounds, foreign body removal, and other life-saving procedures
Advanced imaging to identify internal damage from traumatic injury
Recognizing When Your Pet Needs Critical Care
Critical care situations are not always obvious. Common veterinary critical care situations include:
Traumatic injuries, such as being hit by a car
Difficulty breathing
Significant blood loss (that might require a transfusion)
An animal in shock
Trouble urinating
Difficulty or inability to eat on their own
Life-threatening neurological disease
Contracted disease such as parvovirus, distemper, or another dangerous illness
Veterinary Cardiologist in Glen Mills, PA | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Veterinary Cardiologist
Diagnosing Cardiological Conditions
Our veterinary cardiology specialist uses advanced imaging technology to identify cardiological conditions. Our diagnostic equipment includes:
Ultrasound for echocardiography
Digital X-ray
Electrocardiography (ECG)
Blood pressure evaluation
Common Cardiological Conditions in Dogs & Cats
Cat and dog heart disease and lung conditions come in many shapes and forms.
Common cardiologic conditions we treat include:
Congestive heart failure
Cardiomyopathy
Congenital heart defects
Degenerative mitral valve disease
Coughing and other breathing problems due to heart disease
Cardiac arrhythmias
Cardiac or pulmonary tumors
High blood pressure
Many of these conditions can be treated on an outpatient basis with proper medication. Once we make a diagnosis, we’ll work with your primary veterinarian to ensure your pet gets comprehensive care that helps manage their condition.
Veterinary Internal Medicine Specialist in Glen Mills, PA | Pinnacle Vets
Veterinary Internal Medicine Specialists
Advanced Technology to Diagnose Internal Medicine Conditions
Internal medicine conditions are just that—internal, so a simple physical exam isn’t enough. Luckily, our hospital in Glen Mills, PA has advanced technology, including ultrasound, endoscopy, and CT scan, so we can gain a better understanding of what is going on inside your pet.
Depending on your pet’s symptoms, we’ll look at any one or combination of systems to discover the cause of their illness:
Gastrointestinal
Endocrine (Hormonal)
Hepatobiliary (Liver/Gall Bladder)
Hematologic (Blood borne)
Urinary
Respiratory
Infectious
Auto-immune
Pancreatic
Common Internal Medicine Conditions
Cats and dogs can develop a wide range of internal conditions, and many develop in older age.
Some of the more common conditions we see include:
Diabetes
Immune-mediated anemia, thrombocytopenia and polyarthritis
Cushing’s disease
Acute and chronic kidney disease including infections
Liver/gall bladder disease
Inflammatory bowel disease
Asthma, chronic bronchitis, and collapsing trachea
Bladder stones​
Many of these conditions can be managed with medication to give your pet the best quality of life possible for as long as possible. We'll work with your primary care veterinarian to ensure your pet gets the best follow-up care to support their condition.
Veterinary Radiologist in Glen Mills, PA | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Veterinary Radiologist
Our Advanced Equipment & When We Use It
Our veterinary radiologist reviews images from our hospital’s advanced imaging equipment and works with other specialists in accurately diagnosing our patients’ conditions. Our advanced equipment includes:
16-Slice CT Scanner
Digital X-Ray
Our 16-slice CT scanner takes incredibly detailed images in less time than lower-powered scanners. Our specialists use our CT scanner to help diagnose a range of conditions, including:
Orthopedic disease including joint disease and bone fractures
Tumors
Nasal and sinus disease
Blood clots
Infections
Lung disease
Vascular (blood vessel) disease
Our MRI allows us to view clean, detailed scans of your pet’s moving anatomy such as organs and the abdominal cavity. We use it to diagnose conditions such as:
Meningitis
Encephalitis
Identifying the cause of seizures
Muscle tears and strains
Vascular disease
Diseases of the nervous system
Our digital X-ray machine is a fast tool we can use to get a detailed image of your pet’s internal structures. We’ll use our X-ray machine as a predecessor to a CT scan or MRI if the X-ray comes back as inconclusive. Digital X-ray is useful if we suspect:
Fractures
Bladder and kidney stones
Foreign body ingestion
Joint conditions
Gastric dilation-volvulus
Our veterinary radiologist is trained to perform ultrasounds of organs and organ systems, as well as ultrasound-guided aspirates and biopsies. We’ll use ultrasound to evaluate:
Gastrointestinal tract
Pancreas
Urogenital tract
Liver and gall bladder system
Adrenal, thyroid and parathyroid glands
Musculoskeletal
Board-Certified Veterinary Neurologist in Glen Mills, PA | Pinnacle Vets
Board-Certified Veterinary Neurologists
We now offer neurology services 5 days a week (Monday - Friday) with same-day diagnostics!
Meet Our Neurology Team
David Brewer
DVM, DACVIM
Learn More
Kayla Fowler
Recognizing a Neurologic Problem
Symptoms of neurologic conditions can vary substantially depending on whether the cause of the problem is in the brain, spinal cord, or peripheral nervous system. Our specialists will perform a physical and neurologic evaluation when you bring your pet in, and we’ll ask you some questions so we can get a full picture of your pet’s condition. We’ll also use advanced technology including our MRI, digital X-ray, and CT scan to diagnose the problem.
Some common neurologic symptoms in pets include:
Incoordination
Stumbling, wobbliness
Head tilt
Leaning to one side
Walking in circles
Inability to walk on certain or all limbs
Limp tail
Signs of pain in the back or neck
Weakness in the limbs
Common Neurologic Conditions
We treat a wide variety of neurologic conditions in dogs and cats. These include:
Intervertebral disc disease (IVDD)
Vestibular disease
Strokes
Spinal malformations
Cancer
And more
Treatment Options for Neurologic Problems in Dogs & Cats
Our neurologists are able to treat a wide range of neurologic conditions using medication, surgical intervention, or a combination. Determining the exact cause of your pet’s neurologic problem is essential for providing effective treatment. Some conditions, such as seizures are often managed very well with only medication. Others, like IVDD, are often best treated with surgery. With our advanced technology and skilled team, we’ll help you manage your pet's condition and give them the best quality of life we can.
Veterinary Surgery for Dogs & Cats in Glen Mills, PA | Pinnacle Vet Specialists
Expert Veterinary Surgery
Our Surgical Capabilities
Treating Glen Mills, PA Pets
Our veterinary surgeon in Glen Mills, PA handles a wide range of advanced surgical procedures including, but not limited to:
Foreign body removal
Mass removal
Pulmonary (lung) surgery
Cystotomy (bladder surgery)
Eye surgeries
Exploratory surgery
Endoscopic procedures
CCL repairs
Fracture repair
Hip dysplasia correction
Joint dislocation repair
Osteochondrosis surgery (typical of larger dog breeds)
Patellar luxation
What is Minimally Invasive Veterinary Surgery?
Minimally invasive surgery uses special equipment, such as an endoscope, to perform a procedure using smaller incisions. As a result, your pet will enjoy the following benefits:
Less bleeding
Less pain and swelling
Faster recovery
Less scarring
Lower risk of infection
Safety Protocols We Take to Protect Your Pet
Throughout every procedure, our goal is to minimize the risks and give your pet the very best chance at a speedy and complete recovery. We take precautions before, during, and after the procedure to ensure your pet’s safety from start to finish. Our safety protocols include:
Performing a pre-anesthetic exam and blood work to check that your pet is healthy enough for surgery
Supplying fluids throughout the procedure through an IV catheter that help to hydrate your pet and stabilize their blood pressure
Monitoring their vitals with advanced equipment
Providing effective pain medication to reduce discomfort and stress
Post-Surgery Care Instructions
After your pet’s procedure, we’ll talk to you about detailed at-home care instructions as well as follow-up care. We’ll be in touch with your primary vet for your pet’s ongoing treatment. Our goal is to ensure every pet has the best chance for a full recovery and a fulfilling and healthy life.
Meet Our Veterinary Specialists | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Meet Our Doctors
Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
All
Emergency / Critical Care
Sophie Bracken
DVM (Emergency / Critical Care)
DVM, DACVIM (Neurology)
Kaylie Canda
DVM
Tianna Chin
VMD (Emergency / Critical Care)
Ellen Davison
VMD, DACVIM (Cardiology)
Suzanne Donahue
VMD, DACVECC
Patrick Kelly
VMD
Lauren May
VMD, DACVS (Surgery)
Sean McGrath
Mickie Mogilensky
Laurie Prober
VMD, DACVIM
Roger Rengert
VMD, MS, DACVS
Robert Slater
BVMS (Hons), MRCVS, DACVR
Bridget Slavick
BVMS
Meghan Wood
Rebecca Woodworth
DVM, DACVR
Megan Zeigler
About Pinnacle Vet Specialists | Specialty & Emergency Veterinary Practice
About Our Specialty & Emergency Veterinary Practice
Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists was founded by four veterinarians who wanted to change the way pets and their people experienced specialty and emergency veterinary medicine. We strive to live up to our name and deliver the pinnacle of care to every hospital visitor, whether they come in on two legs or four. This isn’t only about offering the best medical practices and the most advanced equipment; it’s about transforming the entire experience to one of kindness and compassion.
The Best Equipment for Your Best Friend
When it comes to your pet, we believe that only the best will do. The equipment we use to diagnose and treat your companion is some of the most advanced in the industry.
Digital X-Ray Machine
In-House Laboratory Testing
Arthroscopy
Ultrasound uses soundwaves to create a 2D image of your pet’s internal structures. Ultrasound gives us a live visual of organs, body cavities, joints, and more. When used on the heart, it’s called an echocardiogram.
Our 16-slice CT scanner allows us to do more with less and get images with an incredible amount of detail. A CT scanner is like a rotating X-ray machine that takes a series of cross-sectional images of the body. The “slice” of a CT scanner refers to the number of cross-sections taken of the body. The images can be viewed individually or combined to create a 3D image of a particular area. CT scans are invaluable for evaluating organs, visualizing bones, identifying blood clots, and more.
Our digital X-ray machine produces crystal clear, singular images of your pet’s internal structures. It is highly useful at diagnosing fractures, tumors, bladder and kidney stones, and more. We often use it as a predecessor to a CT scan.
A high-field 1.5T MRI machine allows us to capture crisp, clean scans of moving anatomy including the heart, lungs, brain, and more. With this technology, our neurologists and radiologists are able to make more accurate diagnoses that lead to more efficient treatment for your pet.
An in-house lab is one of the most useful tools in veterinary medicine. It allows us to analyze your pet’s biological samples right in our hospital for fast, accurate results. We use our lab to run the following tests:
Complete blood counts (CBCs)
Blood chemistry panels
Fecal exams
Urinalysis
Cytology
Certain infectious disease screenings
Endoscopy is a diagnostic tool that can provide us with a visual assessment of your pet's esophagus, stomach, small intestines, colon, nasal passages, urethra, and bladder. Endoscopy can be used to obtain biopsy samples as well as remove foreign material from the esophagus and stomach.
An echocardiogram involves using sound waves to develop real-time images of the heart. It can be used to evaluate the function of the heart and check for problems such as heart enlargement, blood clots, congenital defects, poorly functioning valves, and weakened muscles.
Arthroscopy is a minimally-invasive procedure for diagnosing and treating conditions of the joints. It involves making a few very small skin incisions and inserting a narrow, camera-mounted tube into one of the incisions to view the problem area up close. Arthroscopy can also be used as an alternative to conventional exploratory surgery, and because it involves less damage to the surrounding soft tissues, pets can recover more comfortably and quickly after their procedure.
Join Our Veterinary Team | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Why Work for Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists?
We believe in supporting our team professionally and personally, whether that means providing continuing educational opportunities or giving you self-care resources to help you balance your work and personal life. Contrary to a corporate structure, our hospital leadership makes it a point to get to know each team member on a personal level. We want you to grow not only to be professionally successful but to also live your best and most fulfilling life.
Apply Now
How We Value You
At Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists, we:
Work in a smaller, collaborative environment that feels more like a family than just a place to work. We enjoy doing fun things together like attend Phillies games and pool parties.
Provide best in class Independence Blue Cross Health PPO insurance with NO deductible and free access to mental health care for $60.00 per pay period.
Recognize and reward nurses as critical members of our team.  We distributed $50,000 in profit sharing in 2022 and $55,000 in 2023 to our nurses and support staff.
Value freedom of autonomy for staff to make on-the-ground decisions without layers of management.
Offer a Costco membership as an employee benefit, including discounted gas at the Costco gas station across from our hospital.
Offer short-term disability, long-term disability, and life insurance at NO COST to you.
Benefits of Working with Us
Providing generous benefits for our team members is a part of who we are. Veterinary medicine is an industry well-known for compassion fatigue, and we aim to give you every opportunity to be your best self both professionally and personally.
Working with us means you’ll enjoy:
Competitive salary
Pay that reflects the value you bring to our hospital
Health insurance
Independence Blue Cross Health Insurance, the #1 carrier in Philadelphia - because your physical and mental health are a top priority
Flexible work schedule
We want you to have a healthy work-life balance
So you can recharge and focus on other areas of your life
Community that values all team members
We want to hear your suggestions and have you be a part of creating a better hospital
401K
401K with company match – so we can help you plan for your future
Costco membership (there’s one right across from our hospital!)
Fresh fruits, nuts, and healthy snacks delivered weekly to make staying healthy easier for you
Free access to the Calm app
To help you stress less, live better, and get the most out of each day
Empowering Employees
We don't make layers of management; our managers spend time on the floor as doctors and nurses, too
Connection
We organize get-togethers and events outside of work to connect as people, not just professionals!
We Have Fun Inside and Outside the Practice
but as friends.
A Community of Kindness
We’ve created a culture of kindness and a sense of community you won’t find anywhere else. Our team is a close-knit group who finds joy in working together and learning from each other, and we abide by the following codes of conduct:
Be kind. Be fair. Be truthful.
These codes not only apply to every interaction with our clients, patients, and fellow team members, but also with ourselves. When we are kind, fair, and honest with ourselves, we’re able to better support others with the same level of understanding and care.
View Our Open Job Positions
Learn about our current open positions by clicking on the tabs below!
Emergency and Critical Care Veterinary Technician
The ideal candidate for this position:
Has a CVT or 2+ years’ experience in a comparable emergency and/or specialty facility. Recent CVT graduates will be considered.
Is kind, supportive of their team, and has a strong work ethic.
Has a desire to grow and develop their nursing skillset.
Available schedules:
Full-time as three twelves or four ten-hour shifts. Part-time also available.
Weekend shift requirements apply. Holiday requirements apply.
Shift differential applies to weekend and overnight hours.
Day (7am to 7pm), mid (2pm to 2am) and overnight (7pm to 7am) shifts available.
Veterinary Nursing Assistant – Emergency and Critical Care
Has at least one year of experience working in a veterinary hospital.
Cleaning cages, walking patients, cleaning the main treatment area and supporting the nurses in delivering patient care are key responsibilities of this position.
> Apply Now
Veterinary Surgery Assistant
Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists (PVS) is seeking an enthusiastic full-time veterinary assistant to join our growing surgery team.
Prior experience in a specialty surgery service experience is not needed
Has 1+ years experience working in a veterinary hospital setting working as a veterinary assistant.
Has knowledge of sterile procedure, how to operate autoclaves, and familiarity with surgical instruments.
Has an interest in scrubbing in and acting as an assistant during soft tissue and orthopedic surgeries.
Has a demonstrated track record of being on time and a reliable member of the team in previous work environments.
Available schedule:
Full time Tuesday through Friday 10am to 8pm. Some holiday requirements also apply.
Apply Today
If you’re interested in joining a team that works together, learns from each other, and gets to know you better, apply today.
Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.
Veterinary Externship Programs in Glen Mills, PA | Pinnacle Vet Specialists
Veterinary Externship Programs
Veterinary Student Externship
Pinnacle Veterinary Specialist’s externship is meant to introduce students to a busy emergency and specialty hospital with a commitment to team based care, a high quality of medicine and patient care, and a culture of kindness. Externs will have the ability to participate and observe as they work directly with an emergency clinician or specialist in the area of their choice.  If required by the teaching institution, a formal evaluation of the extern will be completed at the end of the externship.
info@pinnacle.vet
Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists offers externship programs to 3rd and 4th year veterinary students at AVMA accredited institutions. Students may rotate through emergency and critical care, surgery, neurology, diagnostic imaging, or internal medicine services depending on their individual interests. The length of each externship can be tailored to the individual student’s needs.
Veterinary Technician Externship Program
Veterinary Referrals | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Veterinary Referrals
Once we receive the information, your client can work with us to set up an appointment that fits their schedule. Before you fill out the form and send your client to us, we will need to set up a timeframe that works for both us and the client so that we can give their pet our full attention.
Exchanging Medical Records
Along with the referral form, please also send us your patient’s medical records, including any diagnostic tests and radiographs you’ve taken. After we consult with your client and patient, we’ll be in contact with you to share our findings, including any procedures we performed, medications we gave, or tests we did, so that you can continue to provide for their wellness care needs.
Veterinarian Referral Form
If you prefer to print and fill out the form manually, please download the PDF below.
Referring Vets Form (PDF)
Brochure Request | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Order Brochures
for Your Practice
We are proud to partner with animal practices like yours, so your patients can have access to the best board-certified doctors and specialty services around. If you ever need to refer a client to our team, we want them to feel familiar with our practice beforehand. That’s why we have Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists brochures available for you to share with your clients!
Complete the order form below to request a specific number of brochures for your practice.
Brochure Request Form
(For Veterinarians)
Portal for Referring Veterinarians | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
We use Instinct EMR Shareville for our referring veterinarian portal. This portal lets you receive updates and shared patient documents from our team. Here’s what to expect.
How to Access and Use the Portal
If one of your patients comes to our hospital for treatment, your practice information, including your email address, will be entered into Instinct EMR. Then, you will be automatically notified via email that one of your patients is Checked-In or Checked-Out of Instinct.
For security reasons, no patient documents will be directly sent to you via email. Instead, your check in and check out emails will contain a unique link that provides you with access to your patient’s Shareville portal.
If this is your hospital’s first time logging in to Shareville, you’ll be asked to create a new password. This password will be associated with both your hospital and your email address, and going forward, you’ll be able to use this password for any and all other patients that happen to visit our hospital. We highly recommend saving your password and sharing it with your team members.
As soon as you’re logged in to Shareville, you’ll be able to download individual documents, information about specific visits, or all visit information.
Specialist Schedule | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Our Specialist Schedule
If you need to refer one of your patients to our hospital, please consult our specialist schedule below to see when your preferred veterinary specialist is available.
Specialist Availability
Specialty Service
Doctor
Availability
Ellen Davison, VMD, DACVIM
Tuesday & Wednesday
Emergency & Critical Care
24/7
Laurie Prober, VMD, DACVIM
Monday - Thursday
David Brewer, DVM, DACVIM
Becky Woodworth, DVM, DACVR
Visiting Radiologist
Friday
Roger Rengert, VMD, MS, DACVS
Lauren May, VMD, DACVS
Tuesday - Friday
Online Client Forms | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Online Client Forms
To streamline our check-in and vet referral processes, we’ve provided our pre-registration and veterinarian referral forms below for you to fill out at your convenience. Be sure to provide as much information as possible so our team can prepare for your pet/patient’s arrival and administer treatment as quickly as possible.
Client Registration Form
Registration Form
(For Pet Owners)
Veterinary Referral Form
(For Veterinarians Only)
Coping with Pet Loss in Glen Mills, PA | Pinnacle Vet Specialists
Coping with The Loss of a Pet
If you’re trying to cope with the loss of a beloved pet, you are not alone and it is healthy to ask for help. At times, we all need help understanding our emotions and the resources that you see below might go a long way in validating your personal experience.
These resources are updated frequently. We check to be sure the numbers and links we provide you with are the most current we can. If you find that a link or a number does not work, please let us know so we can correct it!
Support Groups
Pet loss support groups can provide a safe and non-judgmental place for family members to go to be able to share their feelings and experiences. You can do this before or after the loss of your pet. Anticipatory grief is common among those caring for a terminally ill friend or family member and is a perfectly valid reason to seek help.
The following links have lists of numerous pet loss support groups by state, support webinars and much more. This is not a comprehensive list.
Everlife Memorials
Pet Loss Counseling
Locally, Day by Day Pet Support offers group get togethers to support pet owners experiencing loss and grief.  Not all counseling needs to be away from your home. Long distance therapy is available and can be just as helpful.
A Different Kind of Healing
with Jon Terrell, MA
Grief Healing
with Martha Merritt Tousley, RN, MS, FT, BC-TMH
with Sandra Brackenridge, LCSW
Pet loss and grief support including support for children
Helpful Websites
The Argus Institute
Rainbow Bridge Grief Support Center
Books About Grief for Adults
Soul Comfort for Cat Lovers: Coping Wisdom for Heart and Soul After the Loss of a Beloved Feline
Hotlines
Contact Us in Glen Mills, PA | Pinnacle Veterinary Hospital
Contact Us
Our Location
Get in Touch
Send Us a Message
Page not found | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
404
PAGE NOT FOUND
The page you are looking for does not exist. It may have been moved, or removed altogether. Perhaps you can return back to the site's homepage and see if you can find what you are looking for.
Back to Homepage
ADA Website Accessibility Feedback | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Website Accessibility Feedback
Sophie Bracken | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Dr. Sophie Bracken is a member of the Emergency and Critical Care Service. She received B.A.s in Cultural Anthropology and Chinese Language and Literature from Washington University in St. Louis in 2013. After years of studying culture and language abroad and around the country, she returned to school to pursue her veterinary studies. Dr. Bracken graduated with distinction from Cornell University’s College of Veterinary Medicine. She has a particular interest in critical care, neurology, and internal medicine, and was awarded the ACVIM Certificate of Clinical Excellence in her final year of study. Dr. Bracken is passionate about being part of a practice that serves as a pillar of support for the community. She strives to practice with integrity, excellence, and compassion – working to live these values through patient care and caregiver connection. She feels privileged to be your veterinarian. As a new resident of Pennsylvania, Sophie is enjoying exploring her neighborhood with her fiancé and her dog, Roo. Her cat, Ginny, joins the family occasionally in her backpack. When she is not with her patients, Sophie is often found cooking and listening to ‘This American Life’ and ‘The Moth’ podcasts.
Back to Our Team
David Brewer | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Dr. Brewer graduated with a Bachelor of Science in biology from East Carolina University in Greenville North Carolina in 1999, after which he went on to attend North Carolina State University where he received a Doctorate in Veterinary Medicine in 2005. He performed his clinical training at Cornell University in small animal medicine and surgery, neurology and neurosurgery and was awarded the ACVIM Certificate of Neurosurgery in 2014.
His professional experience has included emergency/critical care clinician at the Animal Emergency and Referral Hospital in Leesburg VA from 2006 to 2007. From 2010 to 2016 he was an Associate Neurologist/Neurosurgeon and Residency Advisor at Bush Veterinary Neurological Service also in Leesburg, VA. He moved to Pennsylvania in July of 2016 where he was the staff neurologist at Hope Veterinary Specialists until June 2021. He is one of the co-founders of Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists.
In addition to receiving the Companion Animal Faculty Clinical Proficiency Award in 2005 and the Overall Scientific and Presentation Excellence Award from Cornell University, Dr. Brewer has numerous present and past professional society affiliations and memberships. They include being a member of the American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine; the American Veterinary Medical Association, and the Veterinary Information Network. He has held several executive positions including President of the NSCU-CVM Student Chapter of the American Veterinary Medical Association and is the co-founder of the NSCU-CVM Student Society for Veterinary Medical Ethics.
Dr. Brewer has also published numerous articles and abstracts and has authored several contributions to books in Veterinary Medicine. His particular interests include all aspects of neuroimaging and neurosurgery, the use of a ketogenic diet to aid with the treatment of epilepsy in dogs, and other nutritional strategies to help manage chronic disease states.
Kaylie Canda | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Dr. Kaylie Canda is a member of the Emergency and Critical Care service. She grew up in Downingtown, PA and obtained her bachelor’s degree at Eastern University in St. Davids, PA. She moved halfway across the country to attend veterinary school at the University of Missouri and graduated with her veterinary degree in May 2021. She is excited to be back and practicing in her home state.
Dr. Canda thrives on providing compassionate care to both patients and clients. She feels it is an honor to help families through some of their hardest moments. She is interested in all aspects of emergency medicine, with particular interests in wound management, trauma, blood disorders, and clinical pathology.
Dr. Canda lives in Downingtown, PA with her husband and fur children. She is an overly enthusiastic pug mom to their two pugs, Ollie and Raisin.
Tianna Chin | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
After an honorable discharge from the Air Force Reserves in 2014, Dr. Chin restarted her career and started petsitting in New York City while finishing her BA in Biochemistry. After 3 years of pet care Dr. Chin decided that she wanted to combine her love for science, medicine, animals, and people which ultimately led her to veterinary medicine. She obtained her doctorate at the University of Pennsylvania and graduated in 2021. At PennVet she was thoroughly involved in the fruition of PennVet’s Diversity, Equity and Inclusion council and other curricular changes as the Academic Liaison of her class.
Dr. Chin is a proud member of the ER team at Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists. Her professional interests include acute trauma and wound management. She is very passionate about the human-animal bond and working with you and your pet for what is best for you as a family.
In her free time Dr. Chin enjoys teaching Bilbo Nubbins her curious 3-legged cat new tricks and tending to her urban jungle in Philly.
Ellen Davison | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Dr. Davison is originally from Seattle, Washington. She received her B.S. in Materials Science and Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania in 1993, and her veterinary degree in 2001 from The University of Pennsylvania, School of Veterinary Medicine. She worked in a large, small-animal practice in Wilmington, Delaware for five years before returning to the University of Pennsylvania for a three-year residency in veterinary cardiology.  Dr. Davison completed her residency and passed her cardiology certifying examination in 2009.  She is board-certified in cardiology by the American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine.
Dr. Davison’s interests include congenital heart disease, management of congestive heart failure and the management of feline heart diseases.  She is interested in providing patients with a good quality of life during their treatment for heart failure.  Dr. Davison resides in Chester County with her husband, two sons, two dogs, three cats and four chickens. She enjoys reading, cycling and baking.
Suzanne Donahue | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Dr. Suzanne Donahue is head of the Emergency and Critical Care service and is a co-founder of Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists.  She obtained her veterinary degree from the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine.  After graduation, she continued her training at UPenn by completing a small animal rotating internship and a three year residency in emergency and critical care.
Dr. Donahue is a diplomate of the American College of Veterinary Emergency and Critical Care and her interests include endocrine emergencies, coagulopathies and trauma.  She lives outside of Philadelphia with her family which includes a long haired black German Shepherd named Wyatt.
Kayla Fowler | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Dr. Kayla Fowler received her undergraduate degree in Cell and Molecular Biology from Appalachian State University in 2014. Following this, she attended the University of Tennessee, Knoxville where she received her Doctorate in Veterinary Medicine in 2018 and was awarded the Merck Academic Excellence award. After graduation, Dr. Fowler completed a small animal rotating internship at Virginia – Maryland College of Veterinary Medicine and a neurology specialty internship with Hope Veterinary Specialists prior to completing a three-year neurology and neurosurgery residency at Virginia – Maryland College of Veterinary Medicine.
Dr. Fowler is board certified in Neurology and Neurosurgery by the American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine. Dr. Fowler’s professional interests include spinal surgery for intervertebral disc disease, feline intervertebral disc disease, and the diagnostic use of biomarkers in neurologic disease. Dr. Fowler prioritizes being an advocate for both her patients and their owners. When Dr. Fowler isn’t at the clinic, she can be found cheering on the Philadelphia Eagles and Phillies with her husband and two rescue pups!
Patrick Kelly | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Dr. Patrick Kelly grew up in Baltimore, Maryland.  He attended the University of Scranton for his undergraduate work. In 2010, he achieved his VMD from The University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine.
Veterinary medicine has been a huge part of Dr. Kelly’s life beginning at a very young age when he spent time going on farm calls with his uncle. His brother is also a veterinarian along with 15 of his family members – so entering the field was only natural.
Dr. Kelly has spent his entire career in the Philadelphia area. He has practiced at both general and emergency practices. For the past 4 years he has worked exclusively for specialty and emergency hospitals.
His professional interests include soft tissue surgery, ophthalmic emergencies, polytrauma, and ultrasound. He is a member of the American Veterinary Medical Association, Veterinary Emergency and Critical Care Society, and the Pennsylvania Veterinary Medical Association.
Dr. Kelly currently lives in the Philadelphia suburbs with his wife, three dogs, and two daughters. In his spare time he enjoys spending time with his family and dogs and loves to cook.
Lauren May | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Dr. May is a Diplomate of the American College of Veterinary Surgeons. She has a professional interest in surgical oncology, but performs all aspects of soft tissue surgery and orthopedics, including TPLOs. She has contributed to publications in both peer reviewed veterinary journals and chapters in veterinary textbooks.
She received her VMD degree from the University of Pennsylvania, School of Veterinary Medicine, and completed a one-year rotating internship in small animal medicine and surgery at the University of Minnesota, College of Veterinary Medicine. Dr. May then accepted a residency position in small animal surgery at the University of California, Davis Veterinary Medical Teaching Hospital and at Michigan State University, College of Veterinary Medicine.
Following her residency, Dr. May joined a private practice in upstate New York, performing orthopedic, neurologic and soft tissue surgery.  She then moved back to Pennsylvania to cofound a surgery service in a private practice outside of Philadelphia, where she worked for 9 years before joining Pinnacle.
Sean McGrath | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Dr McGrath joined the emergency and critical care team at PVS in July of 2022. He grew up in New York and attended Manhattan College for his undergraduate studies in civil engineering. After working in the engineering field for a few years he decided a change was needed and attended Cornell University’s College of Veterinary Medicine. Following graduation he headed west and practiced in Boise, ID for several years, enjoying the outdoors in his free time. While in Idaho he worked at an emergency and specialty hospital and in non-profit medicine with the Idaho Humane Society. He’s excited to join the team at PVS and be back on the east coast closer to family and friends.
Dr McGrath enjoys the variety and daily challenge that emergency medicine provides. He strives to help owners make the best decision for their pet and family during challenging, often stressful times. His professional interests include soft tissue surgery, polytrauma, and ultrasound imaging.
Dr McGrath recently moved to Chester Co. and is excited to grow his small hobby farm alongside his wife and numerous pets.
Mickie Mogilensky | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Dr. Mickie Mogilensky received her undergraduate degree from the University of Maryland and graduated from the Tufts University School of Veterinary Medicine. Originally from the Washington, DC area, she returned to start her career there before settling in Pennsylvania in 2014.
Having previously worked in both primary care and emergency medicine, Dr. Mogilensky developed a true passion for emergency and critical care. Her particular areas of interest include trauma, wound management, and toxicology.
Dr. Mogilensky lives in Philadelphia and shares her home with a very rambunctious cattle dog mix named Olie. In her free time, Dr. Mogilensky enjoys travelling, hiking, exploring the city, and rooting for her beloved Washington Capitals.
Laurie Prober | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Dr. Laurie Prober was born and raised outside of Wilmington, Delaware. After graduating from the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine, she completed an internship at Red Bank Veterinary Hospital followed by her residency in Small Animal Internal Medicine at Michigan State University. She spent several years working at a specialty and emergency hospital in Rochester, NY and then moved back to the area to be closer to family.
Dr. Prober enjoys the variety of cases that are treated within the specialty of Internal Medicine including endocrine (hormonal) disease, immune-mediated disease, gastrointestinal disease, liver/gall bladder disease, urinary disease, infectious disease, and respiratory disease. Within the hospital, she heads the Infectious Disease Committee.
Dr. Prober lives in Downingtown with her husband, two children, cats, and two leopard geckos.  She is a co-founder of Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists.
Roger Rengert | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Dr. Rengert completed his undergraduate and veterinary studies at the University of Pennsylvania. He went on to complete a rotating internship in small animal medicine and surgery at North Carolina State University followed by a small animal surgery residency at Washington State University.
While a student, Dr. Rengert was awarded the American College of Veterinary Surgeons award for proficiency in small animal surgery, and was elected into Phi Zeta (the only veterinary medicine honor society). As a resident he was chosen as a recipient of the Dr. Ghery Pettit & Dr. Jack Robinette Surgery Scholarship by the surgery faculty.
Dr. Rengert is a diplomate of the American College of Veterinary Surgeons. His practice is balanced between soft tissue and orthopedic surgery. A large focus of his residency was on minimally invasive surgery with a particular focus on arthroscopic surgery as well as pain management. He is always looking for new ways to decrease patient discomfort and speed recovery. Dr. Rengert has a particular interest in trauma management as well as surgical conditions of the upper airway. He has published on a variety of topics including chylothorax and pain management following joint surgery.
Dr Rengert is a member of the American Veterinary Medical Association, Veterinary Orthopedic Society, and Veterinary Endoscopy Society. He is certified in PennHIP.
Robert Slater | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
Dr. Slater completed his veterinary degree from University of Glasgow, Scotland. After graduation, he completed a small animal rotating internship at the Ontario Veterinary College (Go Gryphons!) and a diagnostic imaging internship at Washington State University (Go Cougs!). He then completed a four-year residency in diagnostic imaging at the University of California, Davis. Dr. Slater is a diplomate of the American College of Veterinary Radiology, with some of his specific interests including thoracic computed tomography and interventional ultrasonography. He lives in University City with his wife, their dog Wally and Cat Remy.
Bridget Slavick | Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists
