Veterinarian In South Bound Brook | Vet Near You | Happy Pets Veterinary Hospital
Search for:
Home
Team
Staff
Staff Schedule
The Award
Services
Location
Instagram
Online Pharmacy
(908) 324-5783
We’ll treat you like family
The highest standards of care for your dog or cat.
Digital Empathy
2021-12-01T07:22:00+00:00
The Value of Bonds
We do what we do for a very simple reason: We have a deep and profound love for animals. And we are truly touched by the bond you share with your pet. We always go the extra mile for you, because you really do matter to us. So just know that when you bring your pet in, you’re not only getting the best care for your dog or cat, you’re helping our family grow a little larger.
Our Services
Preventative Medicine
The adage goes “an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.” Preventative medicine saves lives. It allows us to catch problems early when they’re easiest to treat, and gives your pet the best chance at a long and happy life!
Dentistry
By the age of 3, most pets show signs of periodontal disease. There is a clear and important link between your pet’s oral health and their quality of life and lifespan. Periodontal disease is not only silently painful, it can actually damage internal organs over time.
Spay/Neuter
Vaccinations
Vaccinating your pet protects them from a range of harmful diseases – from rabies to distemper, and everything in between. We’ll educate you on which vaccines are important (based on your pet’s lifestyle), and will set up a vaccination plan to keep your pet safe and happy!
Diagnostics
When the root of a health issue isn’t obvious, modern medicine turns to advance technology to perform diagnostics. Rest assured that no stone will go uncovered to offer your pet the best treatment they could possibly get.
More!
What to expect
As soon as you walk in, you’ll be greeted by a smiling face from the front desk. We’ll get you checked in, learn about any pressing issues that you’d like examined or questions you’d like answered, and will handle all the basics – such as taking your pet’s weight. A nurse will guide you into your private room and will ask you a bit more about your pet, and then our veterinarian will come in to talk with you, examine your pet, and provide any care that’s necessary. It all starts with calling us. So go ahead, give us a call – we can’t wait to meet you!
What pet owners are saying about us…
I was in there yesterday with my little girl and as always Dr. Sulner was wonderful with her. I got a tour and met the new vet tech who was also great and played with Happy! Highly recommended for all your veterinary needs
Stephanie
Dr. Sulner is an excellent Vet who’s treated my dog the past 9+ years. I’m so happy to see she opened her own office! She has tons of experience and really takes the time to address you and your pets needs.
Kim
I most highly recommend Dr. Sulner and Happy Pets Veterinary Hospital. She is the best Vet we have ever seen, and she absolutely loves all animals, and treats them as her own. Dr. Sulner even makes house calls.
David
modal-check
Dr. Elise
Welcome Dr. Elise O'Brien!
Dr. O'Brien's Bio
Dismiss ad
0
Call Now Button
Go to Top
Team - Vet In South Bound Brook | Happy Pets Veterinary Hospital
Dr. Beth Sulner
Dr. Ben Staiger
Dr. Jitesh Toshniwal
Dr. Jitesh Toshniwal graduated from a prestigious veterinary school in Hyderabad, India in 2005. He then moved to the United States and earned his M.S. in animal science from Pennsylvania State University in 2007, and then his M.B.A. from international Technological University in 2010. At the same time, Dr. Toshniwal passed his boards for foreign veterinary graduates and earned his veterinary licensure in the U.S. He has been practicing small animal medicine for 13 years with a special interest in dogs and cats. He enjoys internal medicine, soft tissue surgery, dental procedures, preventative medicine, and client education. He says the most satisfying and rewarding part of being a veterinarian is developing lasting relationships with his clients and seeing the joy of families with their healthy pets. Dr. Toshniwal has not only enjoyed practicing medicine throughout his career, but has also provided mentorship and training for several young technicians and veterinarians who became great additions to the veterinary community. Outside of work, Dr. Toshniwal enjoys spending quality time with his beautiful wife and two kids, who have a great compassion towards pets. In his free time, he loves running, biking, playing cricket, badminton, table tennis, and pickleball.
Dr. Elise O’Brien
2020-09-22T06:28:09+00:00
Staff Schedule - Vet In South Bound Brook | Happy Pets Veterinary Hospital
Protected: Staff Schedule
2023-11-29T09:34:34+00:00
This content is password protected. To view it please enter your password below:
The Award - Vet In South Bound Brook | Happy Pets Veterinary Hospital
Loading...
Award Winning Care
Because we love you.
2019-09-25T10:06:57+00:00
Services - Vet In South Bound Brook | Happy Pets Veterinary Hospital
Everything your pet needs
Is a phone call away.
2021-04-09T06:22:55+00:00
saves lives. It allows us to catch problems early when they’re easiest to treat, and gives your pet the best chance at a long and happy life!
important link between your pet’s oral health and their quality of life and lifespan. Periodontal disease is not only silently painful, it can actually damage internal organs over time.
Grooming
that can keep your pet clean, healthy, and happy.
rabies to distemper, and everything in between. We’ll educate you on which vaccines are important (based on your pet’s lifestyle), and will set up a vaccination plan to keep your pet safe and happy!
technology to perform diagnostics. Rest assured that no stone will go uncovered to offer your pet the best treatment they could possibly get.
Surgery
medical equipment available. Your pet’s safety is our highest priority, and your pet will be in very capable hands with our skilled veterinary team.
Microchipping
microchipped is a proven way of increasing their chances of coming back home safely. A microchip is about the size of a grain of rice, and it is a very simple, inexpensive and fast procedure to perform. Whenever a pet is taken to a shelter or veterinary facility, they scan for microchips. If one is found, your information will be shown. This is important because collars and tags often come off when pets get lost.
End of Life Care
your pet a loving and dignified goodbye. If you would like to speak to us about this or ask any questions, please give us a call.
Pharmaceuticals
what modern treatment your pet needs, rest assured that we will be able to help you in just one trip!
Location - Vet In South Bound Brook | Happy Pets Veterinary Hospital
2024-01-20T00:53:29+00:00
Hours
Fax: (732) 362-7838
Request Appointment - Vet In South Bound Brook | Happy Pets Veterinary Hospital
Request Appointment
2022-02-15T11:48:54+00:00
Digital Empathy, Author at Vet In South Bound Brook | Happy Pets Veterinary Hospital
