Hillside Veterinary Clinic in Newmarket Ontario - 30 Years and counting
905-895-6065
[email protected]
Facebook
About us
Pricing
Preventative Services
Surgery & Anesthesia
Dentals
Radiology
Healthy Care Products
2023 Parasite Prevention Ordering
Pet Health – Dog & Cat
Pet Health – Exotics
Payment Alternatives
Discharge Instructions
Forms
New Puppy
New Kitten
Contact us
Online Store
Schedule Visit
Select Page
New Clients Welcome
Trust our family, with your family.
Veterinary Clinic located in Newmarket Ontario
3
Schedule your next Appointment today!

Location
Google Maps
}
Opening Hours

Contact
more info
Meet our team!
Our team of Veterinarians, Registered Veterinary Technicians and Veterinary Assistants truly do make our Veterinary Clinic what it is. We dearly care for your pets, as if they were our own! From a new puppy or kitten, to being there in those final moments, we’re here for you.
Meet the Hillside Team
Transparent Pricing
We pride ourselves on providing transparent and budget friendly vet care. Don’t believe us? Take a look for yourself!
Our Pricing
Our services
At Hillside Veterinary Clinic, we love our pets, so we understand how much you love yours. That’s why we offer a comprehensive range of services to help promote a long and healthy life for your animal companions.
Pet Dental Care
Preventative Medical Services
We know that catching disease early helps to extend the lives of those we love. We do this through regular check-ups for your pet, preventative vaccines as well as using other tools to make sure we stay on top of your pets health and wellbeing!
Learn more
Health Care Products & Nutrition
We are lucky to live in an age where we know the benefits of nutraceuticals like omega fatty acids, joint supplements etc. Treatment for illnesses do not always have to be strong medications. We’ll work with you and recommend things that feel right for you and your family. If your pet is ever sore, or you think he/she is slowing down, come visit one of our veterinarians, or call, to discuss more.
Laboratory Services
Schedule your next appointment today!
Schedule appointment
Menu
Home
Pet Health
Services
Links
Privacy
Jobs
Google Rating
4.7
Hillside Veterinary Clinic
×
15:07 04 Feb 24
Hillside has gone through a lot of changes over the past several years and I must say this is the happiest I’ve been with them. The staff are all very friendly,  it’s very nice to have consistency in communication over email and over the phone.  The Vets and the Vet Techs are all knowledgeable and they take the time to really get to know their patients and provide excellent care and go as far as to provide online resources when needed.  They have an online store for any prescribed foods and/or supplements that delivers.  Now they see exotics as well, so I can stick to one veterinary clinic than locally.
12:42 31 Jan 24
The team at Hillside are amazing!  I can’t point out just one particular visit since they take such great care of my dog, Frankie, every time and with so much patience.
Thank you Hillside.
01:50 15 Jan 24
My experience with Hillside was amazing! I took my rabbit (Butters) in as he had an overgrown tooth and Dr. Sarah was able to get him in the following day for surgery. All the staff were friendly and compassionate and they even provided Butters with a certificate of bravery after his surgery was complete! They emailed to follow up with me the next day as well. Great service! Would not hesitate to take Butters back here or any other pet I may have in the future. Thanks Hillside!!
16:49 22 Dec 23
Staff were very friendly and gentle with my pet. I liked how honest they were with treatment options as well. The location was a little hidden if its your first time going, so I’d recommend leaving a little early just incase! Otherwise, great place!
21:34 07 Dec 23
We brought our cat in and were treated very well by the clinic.  Unlike some local other Vets, we were not made to feel guilty like we had neglected our pet.  Thank you for the excellent care and advise.
14:08 03 Dec 23
I was very happy with the kind, professional and responsive service I received at Hillside Vet Clinic.  The only feedback I would give would be for them to thoroughly outline the costs of medication and tests when they are being presented as options so there are no surprises at the time of payment.
01:01 21 Nov 23
We find Hillside accommodating with appointments and thorough with follow ups.   Dr Rebecca answers our questions thoroughly and objectively.   Our dog has received excellent care.   Pricing seems fair relative to other clinics we have been to.
19:26 06 Nov 23
We just moved to Newmarket and our senior kitty took ill. Dr Rebecca was amazing. She was very knowledgeable and professional and had Moe feeling so much better in no time. Alexis was the TA and ensured I understood the medication and when to administer it. I’m very impressed and will be taking my other kitty in for his annual this week. Thank You
19:00 30 Sep 23
We’ve been coming to hillside with our furry friends for over five years and have nothing but positive things to say. The care and customer service is unparalleled and I cannot recommend them highly enough. The clinic is super responsive and is always following up to see how our dog is doing and ask if we have any follow up questions.
17:43 29 Sep 23
Recently had to bring our cat in as she didn't seem to feel well.  The Dr and staff were very accommodating to fit us in.  They were clear with what procedures were needed and were very patient and gentle with our cat.  Each subsequent scheduled visit were quick and with alot of follow up to ensure there were no other issues with our cat.  We highly recommend Hillside and the team here, and will be looking to be our vet for years to come.
16:14 22 Sep 23
Every time we call or message Hillside Veterinary Clinic, I am absolutely thrilled with the excellent service we receive.  What a professional and extremely friendly bunch of staff - you are all amazing and we greatly appreciate your help with our Jeepers!
18:22 21 Sep 23
Excellent customer service. Promptly responds to questions and concerns. Staff here is not only highly skilled but also incredibly compassionate. They’ve been looking after my new puppy, addressing all concerns with patience and expertise. I left my first visit feeling confident my pet is receiving the best possible care in town. Thank you to the team at Hillside!!
18:14 07 Sep 23
00:24 20 Jul 23
I had a really positive experience with this clinic! From the moment my pet and I walked in we were greeted warmly. The doctor and accompanying personnel were knowledgeable, and kind. They made sure to answer all my question thoroughly and were incredibly patient with me. I’m so happy to have found an amazing team and I feel like my pet is in really great hands!
12:21 07 Jul 23
Well organized, clean, reasonably priced vetclinic. All communications done at very high level of accuracy and attention to my pet. Scheduling appointments, reminders, answering questions, follow-ups, records sharing - all done in timely and very friendly manner.
19:09 22 Jun 23
We had a great experience at Hillside Veterinary Clinic, With our Dog Paisley !
Paisley had caught a Opossum and we had worries of potential diseases.  The vet and his assistant at hillside did a fantastic job checking out Paisley and getting her up to date in her shots and her flee n tick medication.  I'm happy to say Paisley is perfectly fine and so was the Opossum! Thank you Hillside Veterinary Clinic , you guys are awesome!
17:24 15 Jun 23
01:10 18 May 23
Great clinic and strongly recommended!
Entire staff was very friendly, professional, and compassionate towards our cat and her ailment.
Dr. Alice and Ali took their time to examine our cat and also to explain to us in detail, what she was experiencing and how we can help her.
The technician (sorry I can't remember her name) took the time to show us how to administer the saline solution on our own and answered all questions we had.  She even allowed us to video tape it.
This is a top notch clinic and I highly recommend it.
23:59 01 Apr 23
Took my puppy here as this is my closest vet location since the move. They were really nice and greeted us with lots of love and patience. Their communication is really great too. Can update and the experience continues.
12:52 27 Mar 23
Amazing staff, they take a great care of animals. My dog went for a surgery and she was very well looked after. The vet sent me photos of her just after the procedure, what was a nice touch . They are also very quick in responding to all inquiries . Outstanding customer service.
17:07 16 Mar 23
Great service, the staff is very friendly, the doctors are knowledgeable and they answer all my questions and concerns, they don't rush the appointment. After every appointment i receive an email asking about how my puppy is doing after his appointment and if anything is wrong they reply to the email with suggestions... I am very satisfied and i definitely recommend the clinic to all pet owners.
16:04 25 Feb 23
I do have my puppy under their health care and recently did his nurturing over there.
Harvey loves them and they are taking care of all his needs even his diet.

Very friendly and pro.
They really care and do lots of reminders and follow up.
Always answer the emails so quickly and are very flexible. The best in whole entire area.
Highly recommended.
17:34 06 Feb 23
We always have the best experience at Hillside Vet Clinic. My German Shepherd puppy Taylor has been going to Hillside for a few months now. Me being a first-time pet parent and Taylor being a young puppy, I always have a lot of questions and have been to Hillside a few times for emergency visits. Their team always makes sure Taylor would be seen on the earliest availability which is greatly appreciated. Everyone we talked to are very nice, professional and compassionate. And they always make sure to address all my questions on the visits. The Hillside team always follows up with Taylor after every visit to make sure she's doing better. Taylor is always happy to go to the vet as she gets a ton of bely rubs, compliments and treats. Highly recommend Hillside to every pet parent looking for a family vet!
22:01 11 Nov 22
I took my cockatoo to this vet due to a severe condition of plucking of her feathers. We were treated with the absolute best care I could have asked for. They were so loving and caring and treated her like their own. They informed me with so much information on her situation and made sure she was in the best hands. I am not from this area and so we had to drive out of town to get to this vet but it was well worth it to ensure she got the best treatment. Even after she was home they continued to reach out asking how she was doing and wanted updates on her progress. I would recommend this vet to anyone that is needing. Thank you again so much Hillside Veterinary and to all the amazing animal caregivers I had the pleasure of meeting.
23:14 29 Oct 22
They were extremely kind and informative about what changes needed to be made for my cats weight. The team treated my cat with kindness and gentle care, my experience couldn’t have been better for a new patient. The only thing I’d say is the office could have been a bit more clean but I would definitely recommend this vet to pet owners. Happy to come back here!
17:42 13 Oct 22
I don’t normally leave reviews for anything but in this case I think it is needed. My pet Beanie passed away today and I cannot describe how amazing, compassionate and accommodating the staff were today and previously. They always took the time to walk you through all of the information and you can tell they deeply care about your animals health and safety. From the bottom of my heart I cannot thank the staff at Hillside Vet Clinic for making a very tough day a little more manageable.
13:14 08 Oct 22
Knowledgeable and friendly.  I had a great experience when I took my cockatiel to see them. I am very happy and feel so lucky to have a great avian vet so close to home!  They are very organized too. I didn't have to wait when I got there.  When leaving, they were thoughtful and careful not to stress my bird out when there was a dog in the main waiting area. Thanks for a great appointment.
17:44 16 Sep 22
The staff is friendly and the doctor is both knowledgeable and patient. I especially like it that the doctor gave me multiple treatment plans with the cost of each, and encouraged me to make whatever decision I was comfortable with. I went with the treatment plan that makes the best sense to me. And now after 3 days of medication, my dog’s symptoms got a lot better. I am so glad to have found this place for my dog. Highly recommended!
17:06 19 Aug 22
Note this was three years ago:

We had our Puggle in for a dental check and found out he needed a deep cleaning. Turns out the tooth that I thought was really bad, it got to stay but he lost the three behind it
Also three in the front. Very thorough and made him feel so relaxed! Reasonable cost as well. See them ASAP!
Great bedside manor by all employees!
08:13 09 Aug 22
Wanted a different vet for my new pup, glad I chose hillside. I love the transparency in pricing, and prices are better than my previous vet. They take good care of my baby. Only downside is that it can be hard to get appointments quickly...usually fully booked.
15:53 16 Jul 22
First started going here in 2021 with a senior dog - not only were they amazing with him, but when the time came for him to pass they treated my family and I like their own. Now I've returned with our newest puppy, and not only did staff instantly recognize me and remember my beautiful senior boy (despite curbside visits and masks - just shows how much they pay attention!) but they have been phenomenal with our newest family members care and answered all our questions. I appreciated all the work your team does.
14:28 26 Jun 22
Amazing service so patient with our puppy.  They make a great effort that it's not a mean place to visit. Honest and upfront about costs.
11:59 23 Jun 22
Very caring staff. My daughter said this was the best veterinarian clinic in Newmarket and she is correct. I have just gotten a new puppy so I will have many years with Hillside. Thank you for being so good!
00:49 02 Jun 22
Hillside has looked after our dog since he came to us almost 5 years now. They are always friendly, explain our choices, give us options and always treat our boy with the utmost care and love. Great place to take your special pet to be looked after!
17:10 12 May 22
My puppy was feeling ill, I called the clinic and had an appointment within the hour. The vet and staff were awesome with her and very gentle. They examined her and recommended she be put on a soft puppy food which the vet provided. They also provided a technique to help my pup rehydrate. She was back to her happy and playful self in less than 24 hours. I can't thank the Hillside team enough.
15:22 15 Dec 21
Hillside is amazing!! We got our first puppy 6 months ago and they have been her primary point of care. The staff was great when she had her checkups and shots, making her feel comfortable with lots of positive encouragement (and some treats :). She was just spayed there as well, the staff even sign her e-collar with "get well" notes. They get back to you promptly with any concerns AND follow up just to make sure everything is going well. Nothing but fantastic things to say about this clinc and staff here!
18:37 15 Jan 20
I have taken my cat to Hillside a few times, and I already know I won't go anywhere else now! Everyone there is super friendly and welcoming. Dr. Brendon Laing is incredible. He is super knowledgeable and not pushy for unnecessary tests and treatments like I have experienced in the past with other vet clinics. He is patient and listens, and answers all of your questions and addresses all of your concerns. You can tell he has a genuine love for animals. Super grateful I found Hillside.
14:13 02 Jan 20
My first visit to Hillside Veterinary Clinic as I just moved to the area. It was a great experience and made me and my cat relaxed to be there. My cat was looked after as she got a examination and vaccines. Jennifer was great and I felt my cat was in great care. The receptionist was very friendly and answered all my questions.
04:40 01 Jan 20
Absolutely amazing. The Vet was pleasant and explained everything, answered all my questions, and had an overall great attitude. The tech was lovely as well, truly animal people
14:59 24 Dec 19
If you want a vet that will treat your pet and you with respect and honesty look no further. I have been to the clinic twice in the last 6 months and both times I have been impressed with the quality of care and the honesty.
01:22 18 Dec 19
We took our 10 year old dog Daisy to the Hillside Veterinarian Clinic, for the first time. We were greeted with a warm friendly smile from Amanda at the front desk. From there we met with Dr. Brendon :). He listened to us with compassion, and we didn't feel rushed at all. Dr. Brandon took Daisy to a comfortable padded bench by the window to examine her. This made Daisy feel more relaxed, she wasn't shaking with anxiety at all, (which normally happens when she goes to the vets). He then put Daisy on the floor to examine her some more, to our surprise- Dr. Brandon sat right down on the floor with Daisy. I knew right then, that Dr. Brendon was the one for our precious Daisy. He examined 
Daisy thoroughly as if she was his own. He took the time to explain things, and listened to our questions and answered them all. Dr. Brandon is very knowledgeable, kind, caring, and understanding. He knows very well, that  our pets are part of our family. We follow up in a week and we are looking forward to seeing him again. We know that Daisy will be taken care of, in the best possible way. Hillside Clinic, is Daisy approved! She thinks he's pretty Pawsome! 🐾 . Thank you Dr. Brendon for making us feel confident in bringing Daisy to Hillside. We left with hope and a heartwarming smile :)
19:23 14 Dec 19
The staff and Dr. Brendon were very patient and were always available to answer my numerous questions ( especially Hannah) before and after the surgery.  After the surgery, Dr. Brendon explained about the surgical procedure and Alex explained in detail about the post surgical care.  The staff at Hillside made us feel as comfortable as we could in a most anxious situation.
17:14 07 Dec 19
A first time visit to Hillside was terrific; friendly yet professional staff provided valuable information on our dog's end of life care. There was no pressure to proceed with further testing...all options were provided and the decision was left in our hands which we appreciated.  I certainly will be continuing to use this clinic with our other dogs and will be recommending Dr. B. Laing to our colleagues and friends.
16:56 03 Dec 19
Beau loves his spa day with Nicole, she does an great job with our puppy. Keep up the good work.
02:16 01 Dec 19
The entire staff at hillside is excellent!  They truly care!  Thanks for taking such good care of my pup!!!
03:40 27 Nov 19
So far, Hillside has provided me with efficient, friendly, and very competent service. They have been very helpful! Their physical exams are also surprisingly cheap for this area. Me and my roommate are new to Newmarket and we're both glad we've chosen this clinic!
14:38 21 Nov 19
Thank you so much to Dr. Brendon, Dr. Jennifer and all the kind hearted staff for treating Leonard so well during his surgery. We also appreciated the fact we could come in at anytime if we had any concerns. We highly recommend this veterinary clinic!
22:43 06 Nov 19
Friendly and amazing staff.  Very knowledgeable and will do their best to keep cost low for your animals!

They are always so great with Bauer!   They really do treat them like their own!!!  Very happy with their service and staff!!!
12:38 02 Nov 19
Took my little pug mix Toody to get her teeth cleaned and Dr. Brendon and his team did an excellent job. Thank you all so much!
21:33 31 Oct 19
Always treat me and my puppy very well. They were very helpful and supportive when my puppy had an emergency and saw us right away even without having a booked appointment. I would highly recommend this veterinary clinic
18:40 31 Oct 19
The team at Hillside is very good, they definitely care about their clients/patients.
16:53 19 Oct 19
There a awesome place , very kind and easy make schudule easy.  And good skill all
11:18 03 Oct 19
Thank you for giving my Jack Russel a quick response when I needed the help . Rest now Scrappy. You are loved and missed so much. 
Thank you to the Staff at Hillside Vet.
21:27 30 Jul 19
Our Lulu rescue pup loves everyone at Hillside.  We brought her for her first visit after we got her in March and has been for all her shots, microchip, etc.  She loves the entire team and Dr. Brendon also!  Everyone is very friendly and organized and we are very happy that we chose Hillside for Lulu!
14:47 30 Apr 19
19:46 29 Apr 19
At Hillside, it never matters what the reason is that I and my dogs have walked through the doors for (be it an annual check up or an emergency), and  regardless of which doctor that has attended to them, we have always felt welcomed, respected, and that we have had the best care.

Genuine care and concern for our furry family members are always evident here. Everyone we have ever come into contact with over the years at Hillside - veterinarians and vet technicians alike- have always taken such terrific care of our two dogs. We love our Hillside family and couldn't think of a more caring environment for them, or a staff that we could ever trust more to oversee and advise us on their care.
19:12 24 Apr 19
We have been bringing both our pets here since 2011 and wouldn't go anywhere else. All the staff are super friendly and great with our dog and cat. They are knowledgeable and always take the time to answer any questions or concerns we have. Our dog especially loves his visits because he knows he gets treats every time! Thank you for taking such good care of our fur babies ! 🐶🐱
19:27 23 Apr 19
Without any doubt, Hillside Veterinary Clinic has been treating our dog and now our cat for the past 10 years. With kindness, love and respect for the animals.  They are compassionate and treat us very well.  They answer our questions and always provide reassurance to us about our pets.  I highly recommend this clinic to anyone looking for a very personal experience.
15:11 23 Apr 19
I've been taking my cat here for several years now and have always been happy with how quickly we get seen by the vet. Friendly service and lots of helpful advice - and skilled treatment, especially with an anxious kitty! Thanks so much for consistently great experiences!
14:16 23 Apr 19
I have been going to Hillside for my two dogs (Rosie and Maverick) since they were puppies. The staff are amazing and so loving to my dogs. They work hard to make them feel comfortable and always go above and beyond for us. 
The techs are so caring and the vets so thorough - always taking the time to explain and go through everything with us. 

We don’t even live in Newmarket anymore but we still make the trip to Hillside because we know they are the best!
13:44 23 Apr 19
I have the only dogs that love going to the vet! Jazz, Smudge, Shadow and Katy couldn't wait to go to Hillside, from the time they were pups to a very old age. That adds up to more than 30 years at Hillside!!! Why? Because the vets and tech staff are smart, sympathetic, kind and loving. Willow, our third and very large Bernese Mountain Dog, continues to knock the staff over, unable to contain her joy at every visit!
12:49 23 Apr 19
How fortunate we are to have a veterinary clinic so close that offers experienced and compassionate vets and a well equipped facility supported by caring and capable staff. Thanks to their extended hours we are able to get an appointment when we need it. Hillside is fantastic!
12:45 23 Apr 19
We are always greeted with a smile at Hillside! All the technicians and veterinarians are knowledgeable, caring, and thorough with their examinations. We know our Oscar is in capable hands and we would go out of our way to continue taking him to Hillside. Would definitely recommend this clinic!  If there were ten stars, I'd give it to them!
13:04 12 Apr 19
I researched every nearby Vet before we got our new puppy. Despite a vet right down the street from us, I opted to go to Hillside Veterinary Clinic and I have ZERO regrets. Not only are the prices reasonable and mentioned up front (it's awesome not to dread walking up to the receptionist after the appointment wondering what is to come) but the service is better than any Vet I've ever had for my pets. At our first appointment, we discussed EVERYTHING puppy related and we were able to make decisions about his care with absolutely no pressure from Dr. Brendon. Also, our dog loves the office and everyone there. He gets excited to be at the Vet! I'm looking forward to getting out vet care here for years to come.
23:00 28 Mar 19
Fantastic staff and a super vet brought my very, very sick foster pup back from the edge.
So glad the rescue chose Hillside for this dog.  The diagnosis and protocol given were bang on and he was much better much faster than expected.
You guys are the best, professional,  compassionate, caring and kind.
Great experience with this clinic!  Highly recommended.
14:16 26 Mar 19
The new staff are great!! Took my dog for a check up, very good experience for my dog and myself. Staff were very friendly and made sure that I was informed about everything concerning my dog. Would recommend highly.
22:22 12 Mar 19
TARA ❤️ She is so friendly, I mean they all are but Tara really stands out. My dogs and my cat love coming here. I recently just moved to Barrie and I STILL will only come here for the staff and the price. 
You guys ROCK
20:20 07 Mar 19
I brought in my cat for the first time today and we saw Dr. Webb. She was very affectionate towards my cat and shared lots of great advice in regards to her health. Was very thorough and knowledgeable. I can't wait to visit them again for the continued care of my pets!
17:08 05 Mar 19
Dr. Brendon and his staff are absolutely amazing and bar none the best vet experience i have EVER had after visiting over 5 vets before this and spending thousands of dollars getting nowhere. He 
  went out of his way to come to my home to help my extremely sick puppy who had a high fever and could not move without screaming in pain. He helped him into the car, and gave us the best treatment and care anyone could ask for. I believe we almost lost my puppy Wolfie, but with his care, compassion, and the right medicine and home care plan, we got him back to 1000% percent, thanks to Dr. Brendon. He would check up on us and call me to make sure hes OK on a daily basis and taking time out of his busy schedule to make sure he did that.  He is just an all around amazing person, from his genuine care for animals, to his in depth analysis of problem and how we could get him better, giving us options and being 100% transparent with the prices and fees. I would recommend this vet to as many people as i could, and would HIGHLY advise you take your pets here as you honestly cannot get any better and your fur baby's will be forever thankful too you can guarantee that. I would rate them 10 stars if i could, and will be coming here again and again for all my puppy's needs from now on.  THANK YOU! :D
13:44 07 Feb 19
Hillside is an amazing vet clinic.  It has friendly atmosphere and affordable prices. My partner and I were very nervous about bringing our puppy anywhere and Dr.Laing was so understanding and helpful and answered all of our silly questions.  What's better is that Stevie adores him and she is actually excited to see him!
03:50 25 Jan 19
We have been taking our cats to Hillside for around five years. We have always been happy. It was our first time taking our cat to see Dr Brendan and he was wonderful. He was so patient and gentle with Jade. She was completely at ease. I never felt rushed and he seemed very knowledgeable and passionate about what he does. Prices are fair also. I would highly recommend Hillsides to anyone who wanted excellent care for their pets.
15:31 23 Jan 19
I would never take my precious dogs to anyone else except Hillside Veterinary Clinic. They have always been there for me and I have never been let down.
Lori Greene
00:33 21 Jan 19
Very happy with the service provided at Hillside. Everything is explained and easy to understand.  We're new pet owners and Dr. Brandon spent the time to answer all our questions.  Pricing is fair and again easy to understand.
18:43 06 Jan 19
The people at Hillside Veterinary Clinic are the best!

We brought our puppy to Hillside for her fist checkup, thanks to our neighbour's recommendation.

We only had our pup for a few weeks, when one night she suddenly started having diarrhea. 

We had no experience and we were very concerned, so we took her to Hillside for help. They were about to close the clinic for the night,  but they took our puppy in for a thorough checkup, cleaned her up, ran some tests and assured us that it will all be OK. It turned out to be nothing, but a bit too much fun in the sun, earlier in the day.

When it came time to get our puppy spayed at 6 months of age, we went back to Hillside Veterinary Clinic. Dr. Brendon performed the surgery and he did an amazing job! 

The cut was very small, much smaller than I expected. We followed the Dr.'s instructions and our puppy recovered very quickly, with no complications. 

We highly recommend Hillside Veterinary Clinic, because they really love and took good care of our puppy. Many thanks to the people at Hillside !!!
14:36 25 Nov 18
Hillside Veterinary Clinic is definitely the place to take your pet. I have been dealing mainly with Dr. Laing and his support staff all of whom clearly enjoy their job and you can tell they love animals. They are all patient, kind, courteous and caring. I have two 5-1/2 month old kittens, from the same litter, brother and sister. I have brought her in and she is actually quite comfortable at Hillside, which is great. Also being less.than 10 minutes from my place makes the overall Hillside experience even better. Lastly Dr. Laing is very knowledgeable and provides me with the answers I need in order to make unfortunately decisions with regards to the care of my pets. So thank you very much.
17:15 16 Nov 18
Our experiences over the years with Hillside have always been very positive, and remain so with the most recent developments.  One of the most important aspects of a relationship with a vet is the manner in which the staff make our Lory feel comfortable. It is a relief not having to bring her into a vet trembling with fear.  Clearly all the staff treat her with love.
Naturally competence of the staff is also important. That is always illustrated on any visit.  Furthermore we appreciate the fact that if a situation comes up that needs immediate attention we are fitted in without any hesitation.

Lory's surgery yesterday went well, and all our contacts with the staff both before and after were both professional and comforting.
23:18 15 Oct 18
I've been bringing my pets here for years and have received the same amazing service. You can tell they put a lot of love and care into their jobs and they truly treat you as family/friends rather than a 'customer'. Out of all the Vets I've been to, Hillside has been the most honest and helpful one and I will continue to be a client of theirs.  I'm very thankful for them.
20:58 28 Sep 18
We found our vet for life. They are SO kind, so sincere and truly care about your pet!! We couldn't be happier. Our little Chihuahua is now in amazing hands-- and we've tried a few vets. Thanks so much to you all! :)
13:48 26 Sep 18
18:24 20 Sep 18
My dog was diagnosed with diabetes last year. Dr. Webb was great and very supportive. She was quick to get back to my questions and concerns and when she wasn't available the rest of the staff would do their best to get me the answers I needed. Aida (my dog) doesn't make it in to the clinic very often as her anxiety is off the charts, but I am there every week picking up insulin! I am always greeted with a smile and always asked how she is doing. Thanks Hillside team
12:33 20 Sep 18
I have been a client of Hillside Veterinary since 1994. Dr. Lorna and her team have provided me with great care over the years. They shared in the happiness of bringing a new family member into our home and were right by my side when difficult decisions needed to be made. Whenever I needed them they did everything to accommodate me and get me in quickly to seek help for my pets. I never felt just like a customer I felt that they truly cared for my pets and our family. On many occasions the staff would phone me at home to see how my pets were doing and if there were any concerns or questions that I had re medications etc.
Recently I have had the pleasure of meeting Dr. Satchu and I know that my pets will be in good hands with her and her team going forward.
I highly recommend Hillside for fantastic care for your pets.
18:35 19 Sep 18
Our family has had the pleasure of Hillside’s Veterinary Services for our Fur Babies for approximately 28 years. During this time we have always received sound advice and fabulous care. Our dogs have always loved going to visit their friends at Hillside!  We would very highly recommend their services!
18:31 19 Sep 18
Love this vet clinic. The staff (big shout out to Tara!) are extremely helpful when I come in with my toddler and large anxious dog, always going above and beyond to make our experience less stressful. Dr. Webb and Dr. Satchu both take the time to make Roux feel comfortable at every appointment. They follow up after procedures to make sure she's doing okay and phone to give recommendations when I have questions. I truly can't speak highly enough about the professionalism, knowledge and friendliness of this clinic. We will (happily) continue to come all the way from Mississauga to see them.
18:22 19 Sep 18
Hillside Vet Clinic is the best place to take your pets for professional veterinary care in the area. We have been taking our pets to Hillside for well over 20 years.  The staff is caring, kind, knowledgeable and professional.  Our animals enjoy their visits to Hillside. As a pet owner I appreciate the friendly, stress free environment.
18:15 19 Sep 18
We have taken our dog Finnegan to Hillside since he was a puppy and they have been wonderful.  Their service has been excellent and at a reasonable price.  Compared to vets we have used for our previous dogs they are no-pressure and have never made us feel guilty for our choice in care.  I would highly recommend their services to anyone with a pet.
15:07 15 Sep 18
Have had great experiences with Hillside for almost 30 years. Very caring, compassionate vets. Changed hands recently and new vets are just as professional and caring as previous ones. Wouldn't go anywhere else with my fur buddy!
12:47 15 Sep 18
We have trusted Hillside with our pets for over 28 years and were always extremely happy with Dr. Lorna and her team. Lorna recently retired and, with a fairly new puppy, we were concerned about the ongoing care under new veterinarians but our concerns were unfounded. Lorna chose her successors with great care and they are wonderful. Just as caring and compassionate with our pup as Lorna always was and friendly, helpful and caring with us. We will most definitely continue on with Hillside as our vet clinic. Couldn’t be happier!
00:30 15 Sep 18
We bring our 2 dogs here. They are always treated great. The staff are very friendly and knowledgeable. They definitely do their best to make every visit as comfortable as possible for our little guys!
10:34 29 Aug 18
The staff at Hillside are very compassionate and friendly and above all professional. They acknowledge that I have a say in the care of my dogs and are not insistent about various procedures or treatments. We have been patients for over 14 years and have always had excellent care for all of my dogs.
20:16 05 Jun 18
Have been a client of Hillside for many years.  Amazing staff!  Love the care and concern from all the team when I take my fur babies to visit. Always feel like they are truly cared for.
13:28 02 Jun 18
The staff at Hillside have consistently been wonderful to me and to my sweet golden retriever, Ella-Blu.  Most recently when Ella required emergency surgery to repair her severely damaged tail, they were compassionate, professional, informative and very kind at a time when I needed reassurance the most. Dr. Webb's meticulous surgical skills saved Ella's tail and I will be forever grateful.  With all that Ella has been through, she continues to bolt to the front door of the vet clinic with each and every visit.  In part, it may be because of the liver treats, but I think it's because she knows that Hillside is a good place to be. Thank you to the entire staff for all you have done for us
19:38 01 Jun 18
Thank you so much for making me and Molly feel so welcome. The entire staff was extremely pleasant from beginning to end. It was really lovely meeting everyone and I look forward to our next visit!
13:50 25 Apr 18
I have been going to Hillside for over 20 years, and cannot say enough about Dr. Lorna and her staff.   We have been the proud humans of seven dogs throughout this time (always at least two dogs in our house; one time we had four) and the care our furry kids receive is of the utmost quality.  The staff is always friendly and compassionate during the hard decisions.  I would gladly recommend Hillside to anyone.
01:06 05 Dec 17
These people are amazing! They treat my fur babies with such love and respect. The staff are all so friendly and helpful, I am so grateful for all their hard work. I highly recommend this clinic, they are the best!
15:25 14 Feb 17
Yesterday was Chelsea's second grooming appointment with Larissa, and I couldn't be happier, she did exactly what I asked for. Chelsea is a senior dog with 'special needs' who requires a LOT of TLC. Larissa listened to all my concerns regarding Chelsea's care and handling, and completely put my mind at ease. If you are looking for an amazing groomer who truly cares about her little clients, look no further. Thank you for doing a wonderful job, Larissa!
Chelsea has been coming to Hillside for many years and we are always treated like family. I can't say enough about all the vets and staff here, they are all wonderful.
Email Protection | Cloudflare
Please enable cookies.
Email Protection
You are unable to access this email address
You must enable Javascript in your browser in order to decode the e-mail address
How does Cloudflare protect email addresses on website from spammers?
Can I sign up for Cloudflare?
85603fd43c4524e3
•
Click to reveal
105.119.4.13
Performance & security by
About us | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
Welcome to Hillside!
We have been caring for pets as if they were our own for over 30 years and we wouldn’t want to do anything else. We treat every patient with the love and care they all deserve.
Veterinarians
Veterinary Technicians
Years of combined experience
Meet your team.
Dr. Brendon Laing
Dr. Alesia Campoli
Dr. Sarah Hansford
Dr. Rebecca MacLean
Dr. Alice Gao
Lisa
Erica S.
Felicia
Ali
Sarah B.
Michelle
Natassia
Veterinarian
Moose
Education
President-Elect, Ontario Veterinary Medical Association
Chair of the Professional Development Committee, Canadian Veterinary Medical Association
White Tailed Deer
2014 –
2010 – Bachelor of Science, University of Guelph (Honours)
Leopard
2022 – Certification in Companion Animal Nutrition, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
2004 –
2000 –
Quokka
Otter
Bear
Erica
Registered Veterinary Technician
Gazelle
Veterinary Technician
Veterinary Assistant
Chipmuck
Fox
2018 – Bachelor of Bio-Resource Management (Honours) – University of Guelph
2017 – Certificate of Livestock Medicine – The Ontario Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs
Looking for a great place to work?
We are always looking for great people to join our growing team.
Reach out to us today and we would love to tell you about opportunities at Hillside!
Pricing | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
Dog/Cat Visit
Nose-to-tail physical examination
$144.50
Exotic Animal Visit
$168
Puppy/Kitten Vaccines
ALL vaccines per visit
$99
Adult Dog/Cat Vaccines
$230
We believe in transparency.
We aim to deliver great medical care, at an affordable price. We believe that you should always know upfront how much you are going to pay. That’s why we are transparent with all of your prices.
Services | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
Our Services
Laparoscopic Surgery
Physical Exams
Since you know your pet better than anyone, we work in partnership with you to obtain a thorough history. This is followed by a comprehensive physical exam.
Senior exams are just as important as puppy and kitten check-ups. We provide you with the knowledge on how to transition your loved one into his or her senior years. When warranted, we may suggest additional tests. We discuss our findings and suggested treatment plans with you, including estimated costs.
Wellness and Vaccine Programs
Protect your pet with vaccinations and wellness plans for every stage of life.
Our goal is for you to have a healthy and happy pet. As our pets age so much faster than we do, wellness programs allow us to detect and prevent health problems as early as possible. We tailor our wellness/vaccination programs to you and your pet’s individual needs – no “one size fits all”.
Parasite Detection & Prevention
We live so closely with our sweet pets – we kiss and cuddle them, sleep with them, play in the yard with them. Some common parasites can be transmitted from our pets to us, sometimes causing serious illness, especially in children. That’s why we strongly believe that parasite detection and prevention is essential to your pet’s health – and the health of you and your family.
Your pet is a member of your family, so if your dog or cat needs to have surgery, we understand that it is difficult for everyone. Our compassion and the quality of our surgical care will help to ease you through it. We help you understand what’s happening and we provide comprehensive post-operative take-home instructions to help you care for your pet when you get home.
We’ll make your pet comfortable in every way possible, including:
We use current anesthesia protocols, and the drugs we use today are a lot safter than the ones used years ago.
A trained technician monitors your pets’ vital signs (heart, breathing, depth of anesthesia, comfort levels) at all times.
Our electronic equipment constantly monitors heart rate, EKG, blood pressure, carbon dioxide levels, and blood oxygenation for the entire procedure.
We use a warm air blanket to keep your pet’s core body temperature from dropping under anesthesia.
Intravenous fluids support your pet’s organ function and blood pressure under anesthesia and helps your pet recover faster. This is mandatory for all patients except young healthy spays and neuters.
Pain management to ensure your pet is comfortable and relaxed.
A warm soft bed to wake up in, and when your pet is awake enough we offer a small amount of canned food.
We always keep you well informed on your pet’s progress because we believe in constant communication.
Coming Soon.
Even though people brush their teeth daily, they still need to visit the dentist regularly for cleaning and checkups. The same is true for dogs and cats. Our pets are living longer, and we need to make sure their mouths stay healthy. We want you to enjoy your puppy and kitten kisses!
The following are included in our dental procedures:
Full Mouth Assessment
Dental Scale and Polish (above and below the gum line)
Dental Extractions When Necessary
Oral nerve blocks (freezing) and pain management
Home Care Products & Education (brushing techniques, dental diets, appropriate oral care treats and products, etc.)
In-House Blood Testing for Faster Results and Treatment
In-House Urinalysis
Presurgical Blood Work
Life Stage Blood Testing
Heartworm and Blood Borne Parasite Testing
Parasite Testing (ova and parasite testing is sent out to IDEXX)
Cytology
We outsource lab services when necessary to present the best options for your pet’s health. Your pet’s total care is our concern.
X-Rays
Why would my pet need x-rays?
X-rays are a valuable diagnostic tool. They provide us with a non-invasive “picture” of your pet’s bones, teeth, as well as soft tissue (lungs, heart, gastrointestinal tract, bladder, kidneys, etc.).
Pet x-rays typically include:
Soft Tissue and Orthopaedic X-rays
Dental X-rays
Hip and Elbow X-rays Available for OFA Dysplasia Screening.
Ultrasound
Why would my pet need an ultrasound?
condition
of the soft tissues
like
the stomach, intestines, liver, and heart. Where x-rays are a single snapshot, ultrasound can look at soft tissues with more detail, and in real time to assess the motion of certain organs, like the heart or intestines.
What’s involved in the ultrasound process for my pet?
medicince
specialist at one of the surrounding referral hospitals.
Your pet’s belly or chest will need to be shaved. They will need to lie down (on a comfortable blanket where possible) while the ultrasonographer uses the probe covered in ultrasound jelly. Most pets will lie quietly for this, but for especially anxious or fearful pets, we may recommend sedation.
you,
and answer any questions you have.
These diets include preventive diets, such as weight maintenance and dental diets, as well as diets to treat specific health conditions. Our staff will be pleased to answer any questions you have regarding the diets we provide.
We also carry veterinary prescription diets from other companies such as MediCal Royal Canin, Purina, or Rayne, and are happy to special order additional diets and/or products on request.
Supplements are also used as an adjunct in treatment. As an example, we have seen our patients benefit from using glucosamine/chondroitin for arthritis and omega 3 fatty acids to help with certain skin problems.
Preventative Services | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
Surgery & Anesthesia | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
Dentals | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
Dental Services
Keeping them healthy.
Veterinary dental care is an important piece of your dog or cat’s preventive health care. For most pets, brushing their teeth is not enough to maintain proper dental hygiene. If a pet’s mouth is left untreated, it can lead dental and systemic diseases.
It is estimated that more than 80 percent of dogs and 70 percent of cats develop tooth and gum disease by the age of three years old. If the bacterium from oral disease enters the bloodstream, it can greatly damage your pet’s kidneys, heart or liver.
Our health care team are experts in performing dental cleanings and we are happy to announce that during the month of February we are offering $100 saving on all dental cleanings! Book your free dental consultation today.
Secure your dental spot today.
If we find any issues, such as evidence of gum or tooth erosion, gingivitis, or excessive plaque buildup, we will discuss possible outcomes with you and offer treatment options for your pet.
At our clinic, we can provide periodontal therapy, which may involve local anesthetics, surgical extractions, root planing and oronasal fistula repair. For extreme or severe cases, we may refer you to a board certified dental specialist.
Prevention really is the best form of protection from periodontal disease. While your pet still needs their annual dental checkups and cleanings, ongoing follow-up oral care at home is just as important in controlling plaque and tartar formation. Brushing your pet’s teeth is the single most important procedure you can do to maintain good oral health.
If done regularly, brushing dramatically decreases the incidence of gingivitis and increases the interval between teeth cleaning appointments. We are happy to instruct and/or demonstrate to you the best and easiest method. Just remember to always use toothpaste specifically made for pets, not for people!
If you notice any of the following, it’s likely time for a dental appointment for your pet:
Persistent bad breath
Tartar or plaque buildup
A yellowish-brown crust near the gum line
Red and swollen gums
Pain or bleeding when your pet eats
Pawing at the mouth
Difficulty eating
Loose or missing teeth
Radiology | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
Healthy Care Products | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
Resources | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
Resources
Hillside Veterinarian Clinic keeps you informed so that you can provide the best care for your pet.
Everyone in our vet clinic understands that your pet is a member of your family, and as such, their health is important. It’s easy to give your pet love every day, but sometimes it’s harder to know how to keep them healthy.
We’re sharing our knowledge with you to help you keep your pet happy and healthy for many years to come.
Pet Health resources
Open resources
Form downloads
Open forms
2023 Parasite Prevention Ordering | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
Loading…
2023 Simparica Trio Rebate
Download form
Pet Health - Dog & Cat | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
Helpful Information for Dogs & Cats
family,
behaviour
I
Videos

Useful links
h
Articles
ideos
Brushing Your Dog’s Teeth
Dr. Jerry Klein, Chief Veterinary Officer of the AKC explains how to maintain your dog’s dental hygiene. Brushing your dog’s teeth on a regular basis keeps your dog from developing periodontal disease, plaque build-up, and other forms of dental diseases.
Brushing Your Cat’s Teeth
Regular brushing of your cat’s teeth can help prevent oral disease that can spread bacteria to other parts of your cat’s body. Specialty formulated foods and professional cleanings can also help control plaque and tartar.
3 Things to teach your new puppy
So you got a new puppy, now what? Zac George gives important and easy to do training methods for new puppy parents.
Animal Poison Control Center
A Dog Owners Handbook - OVMA
A guide book for the care of your new puppy.
read more
A Cat Owners Handbook - OVMA
A guide book for the care of your new kitten.
American Heartworm Society
Pet Food & Nutrition
Please consult your veterinarian for further information on how Prescription Diet® foods can help your pets to continue to enjoy a happy and active life.
Pet Health Network
Happy Kitty Cat Training
If you understand your cat’s body language and boundaries, your relationship will flourish.
At Happy Kitty, we work with you one-on-one to teach you how to acheive this important element. We teach you the behavious you can expect from your pet and vice versa.
Helpful Articles
Recognize the Top 4 Signs of Diabetes In Your Pet And What You Can do About It
It’s never too soon to recognize the early signs of diabetes in your dog or cat. To help build awareness of this health problem, National Pet Diabetes Awareness Month is observed each November as a time to recognize warning signs of diabetes mellitus in your pet.
Read article
Pet Obesity: Are Your Pets Biting Off More Than They Should Chew?
and
Diagnostically Speaking... Pets, Tests and All The Rest!
As a pet owner, it’s important to ensure that your family members receive the medical attention necessary to stay healthy. While an annual exam is an excellent way to accomplish this, it is also vital to run diagnostic tests similar to those run on humans, to “see what’s on the inside”. Early detection of illness means we can intervene sooner and help your pet stay healthy and happy.
Heartworm Disease Is Everywhere... Why You Need To Protect Your Pets Now!
parsitic
Tips & Treats For Halloween Pet Safety
The Scary Truth About Halloween Treats & Your Pet!
7 Summer Safety Tips for Pets
April showers are gone, and the sun’s rays are on. Now’s the time to enjoy some cat cuddles and romps with your dogs. But make sure your pets stay healthy and safe during this season marked by pests and high temperatures. Here are seven ways to safeguard your pets.
Does Your Pet Need A Supplement?
Even though we are supposed to get all the vitamins, minerals and essential fatty acids in our normal foods, we sometimes don’t eat enough of them to obtain the benefits. So we pop a vitamin and go on our way. But what about our pets? Do they need nutritional supplements? Even if he’s eating a good diet, does your pet need a supplement? There are several reasons why he may….or may not.
Roly-Poly Pets. What Are The Signs Of Pet Obesity?
For dogs and cats, an ideal body weight is based on factors such as age, breed, gender and build. Where your pet is on the scale may seem like a gray area. Here are a few signs to look for to determine if your pet needs to drop a few pounds, along with some suggestions to help get them and their diet in shape, hopefully without too much resistance from your tubby tabby or portly pup.
Pet Health - Exotics | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
Helpful Information for Exotics
Signs of Pain
Coming soon.
Excellent online resource for resource for any animal poison-related emergency, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. The ASPCA®’s Animal Poison Control Center provides a helpful quick reference list of common plants that are known to be poisonous to pets. It also provides further information regarding symptoms and the degree of toxicity.
Oxbow Animal Health
We are dedicated to growing, sourcing and creating the best and most appropriate products for small pets to ensure total wellbeing throughout their lives.
Answers from veterinarians about your pet’s health, behavior, and health care.
Lafeber
Lafeber Company was built by a father-son team of veterinarians with a shared love of animals and a special passion for birds. Our manufacturing facility has always been located on the Lafeber family farmland, and all of our products are mixed, formed, and packaged under one roof.
Veterinary Partner Articles
–
Identifying Pain in Ferrets and Rats
Signs of Pain in Hamsters, Gerbals, Mice, Sugar Gliders and Hedgehogs
Signs of Pain in Reptiles and Amphibians
Signs of Pain in Guinea Pigs and Birds
Signs of Pain in Rabbits and Chincillas
Payment Alternatives | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
Provides simple and friendly, payment plans for medical financing. High approvals, no hidden fees, no surprises.
Learn More
The world’s first and only pet insurance provider to pay vets at checkout.
A registered Canadian charity that assists low-income pet owners by subsidizing the non-elective/emergency veterinary medical care of their beloved pets.
Provides flexible financing for pet care, up to $30,000 with an easy and digital application process
Providing quick and hassle-free loans for over 25 years.
Page not found | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
No Results Found
The page you requested could not be found. Try refining your search, or use the navigation above to locate the post.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Recent Comments
Archives
April 2018
Categories
Meta
Log in
RSS
WordPress.org
Forms | Hillside Veterinary Clinic Newmarket ON
at
Your time is valuable, and it’s important to ensure your pet gets the care they need when they need it. At Hillside Veterinary Clinic, we want to make it easier for you by providing forms you can download, print, and fill out before your visit. Bring them with you when you and your pet come to see us and we’ll be able to get started more easily.
How to Collect Urine
This form helps us understand how to collect a urine sample from your dog or cat.
See Our Tips Here
Hill's Auto-Order Calculator
This is a calculator to help determine how long a bag of food will last before needing to be re-ordered
Download Calculator
How to Identify Arthritis Pain
Helpful article on how to identify is your pet is struggling with arthritis pain.
Find Out More
Save up to $30 on your heartworm, tick and flea product!
