===================== ABOUT Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists =====================

Contact Info:  600 Evergreen Drive Suite 110, Glen Mills, PA 19342     |      (610) 477-8797    |     Text Us:  (610) 426-1266

Giving Our Best for You & Your Pet 24/7 Specialty & Emergency Veterinary Care in Glen Mills, PA
Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists provides the best in 24/7 emergency vet medicine and specialty services with a personal touch. We work closely with your primary veterinarian and partner with you for a whole health approach to your pet’s care. Our focus is on creating a medicine first, patient first culture that champions compassion, kindness, and a personalized experience for pets and their people. When you visit our veterinarian-owned hospital, whether for a pet emergency or for a specialty referral, you’ll enjoy a warm, friendly atmosphere that feels a lot like home. Call us today at (610) 477-8797 if your pet is having an emergency.

We Are Board Certified Specialists
Our team includes board certified specialists in emergency medicine, critical care, cardiology, internal medicine, neurology, radiology, and veterinary surgery. Each member of our team is chosen not only for their medical expertise and skill, but also for their kindness, bedside manner, and ability to connect with pet parents.

Experience Top-of-the-Line Veterinary Technology, Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists invests in the latest, most advanced technology in veterinary medicine to give area pets access to some of the best that veterinary medicine has to offer. Our animal hospital features:
Ultrasound, 16-slice CT scanner, Digital X-ray machine, CT scan, High-field 1.5T MRI, In-house testing laboratory, Endoscopy, Echocardiogram
With this technology, our team can deliver precise diagnostics and treatment plans designed to get your pet back to full health faster.

Our Specialties: With our full range of specialties all in one hospital, we’re able to give pets and their parents a one-stop-shop for all their specialty veterinary needs.



===================== Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists Team =====================
The veterinary team at Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists is one of a kind. Our specialists are dedicated to the health and happiness of every patient. We work closely with owners and primary veterinarians to ensure each pet gets the very best care possible so they can live their life to the fullest. Our team includes board-certified veterinary specialists and seasoned emergency clinicians who work together to give your pet comprehensive emergency and specialty care. Our team of doctors firmly believes that medicine is best practiced as a cooperative science.

Meet Our Doctors, Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists:

1. Sophie Bracken
DVM (Emergency / Critical Care) :
Dr. Sophie Bracken is a member of the Emergency and Critical Care Service. She received B.A.s in Cultural Anthropology and Chinese Language and Literature from Washington University in St. Louis in 2013. After years of studying culture and language abroad and around the country, she returned to school to pursue her veterinary studies. Dr. Bracken graduated with distinction from Cornell University’s College of Veterinary Medicine. She has a particular interest in critical care, neurology, and internal medicine, and was awarded the ACVIM Certificate of Clinical Excellence in her final year of study. Dr. Bracken is passionate about being part of a practice that serves as a pillar of support for the community. She strives to practice with integrity, excellence, and compassion – working to live these values through patient care and caregiver connection. She feels privileged to be your veterinarian. As a new resident of Pennsylvania, Sophie is enjoying exploring her neighborhood with her fiancé and her dog, Roo. Her cat, Ginny, joins the family occasionally in her backpack. When she is not with her patients, Sophie is often found cooking and listening to ‘This American Life’ and ‘The Moth’ podcasts.

2. David Brewer
DVM, DACVIM (Neurology) :
Dr. Brewer graduated with a Bachelor of Science in biology from East Carolina University in Greenville North Carolina in 1999, after which he went on to attend North Carolina State University where he received a Doctorate in Veterinary Medicine in 2005. He performed his clinical training at Cornell University in small animal medicine and surgery, neurology and neurosurgery and was awarded the ACVIM Certificate of Neurosurgery in 2014.

His professional experience has included emergency/critical care clinician at the Animal Emergency and Referral Hospital in Leesburg VA from 2006 to 2007. From 2010 to 2016 he was an Associate Neurologist/Neurosurgeon and Residency Advisor at Bush Veterinary Neurological Service also in Leesburg, VA. He moved to Pennsylvania in July of 2016 where he was the staff neurologist at Hope Veterinary Specialists until June 2021. He is one of the co-founders of Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists.

In addition to receiving the Companion Animal Faculty Clinical Proficiency Award in 2005 and the Overall Scientific and Presentation Excellence Award from Cornell University, Dr. Brewer has numerous present and past professional society affiliations and memberships. They include being a member of the American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine; the American Veterinary Medical Association, and the Veterinary Information Network. He has held several executive positions including President of the NSCU-CVM Student Chapter of the American Veterinary Medical Association and is the co-founder of the NSCU-CVM Student Society for Veterinary Medical Ethics.

Dr. Brewer has also published numerous articles and abstracts and has authored several contributions to books in Veterinary Medicine. His particular interests include all aspects of neuroimaging and neurosurgery, the use of a ketogenic diet to aid with the treatment of epilepsy in dogs, and other nutritional strategies to help manage chronic disease states.

3. Kaylie Canda
DVM:
Dr. Kaylie Canda is a member of the Emergency and Critical Care service. She grew up in Downingtown, PA and obtained her bachelor’s degree at Eastern University in St. Davids, PA. She moved halfway across the country to attend veterinary school at the University of Missouri and graduated with her veterinary degree in May 2021. She is excited to be back and practicing in her home state.

Dr. Canda thrives on providing compassionate care to both patients and clients. She feels it is an honor to help families through some of their hardest moments. She is interested in all aspects of emergency medicine, with particular interests in wound management, trauma, blood disorders, and clinical pathology.

Dr. Canda lives in Downingtown, PA with her husband and fur children. She is an overly enthusiastic pug mom to their two pugs, Ollie and Raisin.

4. Tianna Chin
VMD (Emergency / Critical Care):
After an honorable discharge from the Air Force Reserves in 2014, Dr. Chin restarted her career and started petsitting in New York City while finishing her BA in Biochemistry. After 3 years of pet care Dr. Chin decided that she wanted to combine her love for science, medicine, animals, and people which ultimately led her to veterinary medicine. She obtained her doctorate at the University of Pennsylvania and graduated in 2021. At PennVet she was thoroughly involved in the fruition of PennVet’s Diversity, Equity and Inclusion council and other curricular changes as the Academic Liaison of her class.

Dr. Chin is a proud member of the ER team at Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists. Her professional interests include acute trauma and wound management. She is very passionate about the human-animal bond and working with you and your pet for what is best for you as a family.

In her free time Dr. Chin enjoys teaching Bilbo Nubbins her curious 3-legged cat new tricks and tending to her urban jungle in Philly.

5. Ellen Davison
VMD, DACVIM (Cardiology)
Dr. Davison is originally from Seattle, Washington. She received her B.S. in Materials Science and Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania in 1993, and her veterinary degree in 2001 from The University of Pennsylvania, School of Veterinary Medicine. She worked in a large, small-animal practice in Wilmington, Delaware for five years before returning to the University of Pennsylvania for a three-year residency in veterinary cardiology. Dr. Davison completed her residency and passed her cardiology certifying examination in 2009. She is board-certified in cardiology by the American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine.

Dr. Davison’s interests include congenital heart disease, management of congestive heart failure and the management of feline heart diseases. She is interested in providing patients with a good quality of life during their treatment for heart failure. Dr. Davison resides in Chester County with her husband, two sons, two dogs, three cats and four chickens. She enjoys reading, cycling and baking.

6. Suzanne Donahue
VMD, DACVECC:
Dr. Suzanne Donahue is head of the Emergency and Critical Care service and is a co-founder of Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists. She obtained her veterinary degree from the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine. After graduation, she continued her training at UPenn by completing a small animal rotating internship and a three year residency in emergency and critical care.

Dr. Donahue is a diplomate of the American College of Veterinary Emergency and Critical Care and her interests include endocrine emergencies, coagulopathies and trauma. She lives outside of Philadelphia with her family which includes a long haired black German Shepherd named Wyatt.

7. Kayla Fowler
DVM, DACVIM (Neurology):

Dr. Kayla Fowler received her undergraduate degree in Cell and Molecular Biology from Appalachian State University in 2014. Following this, she attended the University of Tennessee, Knoxville where she received her Doctorate in Veterinary Medicine in 2018 and was awarded the Merck Academic Excellence award. After graduation, Dr. Fowler completed a small animal rotating internship at Virginia – Maryland College of Veterinary Medicine and a neurology specialty internship with Hope Veterinary Specialists prior to completing a three-year neurology and neurosurgery residency at Virginia – Maryland College of Veterinary Medicine.

Dr. Fowler is board certified in Neurology and Neurosurgery by the American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine. Dr. Fowler’s professional interests include spinal surgery for intervertebral disc disease, feline intervertebral disc disease, and the diagnostic use of biomarkers in neurologic disease. Dr. Fowler prioritizes being an advocate for both her patients and their owners. When Dr. Fowler isn’t at the clinic, she can be found cheering on the Philadelphia Eagles and Phillies with her husband and two rescue pups!

8. Patrick Kelly
VMD:
Dr. Patrick Kelly grew up in Baltimore, Maryland. He attended the University of Scranton for his undergraduate work. In 2010, he achieved his VMD from The University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine.

Veterinary medicine has been a huge part of Dr. Kelly’s life beginning at a very young age when he spent time going on farm calls with his uncle. His brother is also a veterinarian along with 15 of his family members – so entering the field was only natural.

Dr. Kelly has spent his entire career in the Philadelphia area. He has practiced at both general and emergency practices. For the past 4 years he has worked exclusively for specialty and emergency hospitals.

His professional interests include soft tissue surgery, ophthalmic emergencies, polytrauma, and ultrasound. He is a member of the American Veterinary Medical Association, Veterinary Emergency and Critical Care Society, and the Pennsylvania Veterinary Medical Association.

Dr. Kelly currently lives in the Philadelphia suburbs with his wife, three dogs, and two daughters. In his spare time he enjoys spending time with his family and dogs and loves to cook.

9. Lauren May
VMD, DACVS (Surgery):
Dr. May is a Diplomate of the American College of Veterinary Surgeons. She has a professional interest in surgical oncology, but performs all aspects of soft tissue surgery and orthopedics, including TPLOs. She has contributed to publications in both peer reviewed veterinary journals and chapters in veterinary textbooks.

She received her VMD degree from the University of Pennsylvania, School of Veterinary Medicine, and completed a one-year rotating internship in small animal medicine and surgery at the University of Minnesota, College of Veterinary Medicine. Dr. May then accepted a residency position in small animal surgery at the University of California, Davis Veterinary Medical Teaching Hospital and at Michigan State University, College of Veterinary Medicine.

Following her residency, Dr. May joined a private practice in upstate New York, performing orthopedic, neurologic and soft tissue surgery. She then moved back to Pennsylvania to cofound a surgery service in a private practice outside of Philadelphia, where she worked for 9 years before joining Pinnacle.

10. Sean McGrath
DVM (Emergency / Critical Care):
Dr McGrath joined the emergency and critical care team at PVS in July of 2022. He grew up in New York and attended Manhattan College for his undergraduate studies in civil engineering. After working in the engineering field for a few years he decided a change was needed and attended Cornell University’s College of Veterinary Medicine. Following graduation he headed west and practiced in Boise, ID for several years, enjoying the outdoors in his free time. While in Idaho he worked at an emergency and specialty hospital and in non-profit medicine with the Idaho Humane Society. He’s excited to join the team at PVS and be back on the east coast closer to family and friends.

Dr McGrath enjoys the variety and daily challenge that emergency medicine provides. He strives to help owners make the best decision for their pet and family during challenging, often stressful times. His professional interests include soft tissue surgery, polytrauma, and ultrasound imaging.

Dr McGrath recently moved to Chester Co. and is excited to grow his small hobby farm alongside his wife and numerous pets.

11. Mickie Mogilensky
DVM (Emergency / Critical Care):
Dr. Mickie Mogilensky received her undergraduate degree from the University of Maryland and graduated from the Tufts University School of Veterinary Medicine. Originally from the Washington, DC area, she returned to start her career there before settling in Pennsylvania in 2014.

Having previously worked in both primary care and emergency medicine, Dr. Mogilensky developed a true passion for emergency and critical care. Her particular areas of interest include trauma, wound management, and toxicology.

Dr. Mogilensky lives in Philadelphia and shares her home with a very rambunctious cattle dog mix named Olie. In her free time, Dr. Mogilensky enjoys travelling, hiking, exploring the city, and rooting for her beloved Washington Capitals.

12. Laurie Prober
VMD, DACVIM:
Dr. Laurie Prober was born and raised outside of Wilmington, Delaware. After graduating from the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine, she completed an internship at Red Bank Veterinary Hospital followed by her residency in Small Animal Internal Medicine at Michigan State University. She spent several years working at a specialty and emergency hospital in Rochester, NY and then moved back to the area to be closer to family.

Dr. Prober enjoys the variety of cases that are treated within the specialty of Internal Medicine including endocrine (hormonal) disease, immune-mediated disease, gastrointestinal disease, liver/gall bladder disease, urinary disease, infectious disease, and respiratory disease. Within the hospital, she heads the Infectious Disease Committee.

Dr. Prober lives in Downingtown with her husband, two children, cats, and two leopard geckos. She is a co-founder of Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists.

13. Roger Rengert
VMD, MS, DACVS:
Dr. Rengert completed his undergraduate and veterinary studies at the University of Pennsylvania. He went on to complete a rotating internship in small animal medicine and surgery at North Carolina State University followed by a small animal surgery residency at Washington State University.

While a student, Dr. Rengert was awarded the American College of Veterinary Surgeons award for proficiency in small animal surgery, and was elected into Phi Zeta (the only veterinary medicine honor society). As a resident he was chosen as a recipient of the Dr. Ghery Pettit & Dr. Jack Robinette Surgery Scholarship by the surgery faculty.

Dr. Rengert is a diplomate of the American College of Veterinary Surgeons. His practice is balanced between soft tissue and orthopedic surgery. A large focus of his residency was on minimally invasive surgery with a particular focus on arthroscopic surgery as well as pain management. He is always looking for new ways to decrease patient discomfort and speed recovery. Dr. Rengert has a particular interest in trauma management as well as surgical conditions of the upper airway. He has published on a variety of topics including chylothorax and pain management following joint surgery.

Dr Rengert is a member of the American Veterinary Medical Association, Veterinary Orthopedic Society, and Veterinary Endoscopy Society. He is certified in PennHIP.

14. Robert Slater
BVMS (Hons), MRCVS, DACVR:
Dr. Slater completed his veterinary degree from University of Glasgow, Scotland. After graduation, he completed a small animal rotating internship at the Ontario Veterinary College (Go Gryphons!) and a diagnostic imaging internship at Washington State University (Go Cougs!). He then completed a four-year residency in diagnostic imaging at the University of California, Davis. Dr. Slater is a diplomate of the American College of Veterinary Radiology, with some of his specific interests including thoracic computed tomography and interventional ultrasonography. He lives in University City with his wife, their dog Wally and Cat Remy.

15. Bridget Slavick
BVMS: 
Dr. Bridget Slavick went to veterinary school in Scotland; where she completed her degree at the University of Glasgow. During that time, she worked as an overnight veterinary nurse in the intensive care unit. She grew up in Berks and Chester County getting her undergraduate degree from Immaculata University.

After completing veterinary school in 2014 she returned to the States for a yearlong rotating small animal internship at a specialty private practice outside of Philadelphia. Over that first year as a veterinarian; Dr. Slavick realized her passion for emergency medicine. Throughout the last 6 years she has worked as a veterinarian in emergency and critical care. Special interests include – transfusion medicine, polytrauma, geriatric care and toxicology. But ultimately, she just loves the fast pace, unexpected scenarios that walk through the ER doors.

Dr. Slavick is excited to join the Pinnacle team. Helping to provide collaborative treatment plans with dedicated staff concentrating on patient care as her top priority. When not in the hospital Dr. Slavick spends her day’s chasing after her twin girls, a long haired Weimaraner and a rescued pit bull. She is passionate about health & fitness, loves to travel and go on adventures with her family.

16. Meghan Wood
VMD:
Dr. Meghan Wood is a member of the emergency and critical care service and Hospital Director at Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists. She received her Bachelor of Arts degree from Cornell University completing majors in philosophy and biology with a concentration in neurobiology and behavior. Following graduation from Cornell, she spent a year as a “dorm Mom” to twenty teenage girls and was a lacrosse coach and substitute teacher in chemistry and physics at the Madeira School in McLean, VA. In 2006 she graduated from the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine and subsequently completed a one year rotating internship at Oradell Animal Hospital in Paramus, New Jersey, followed by a one year fellowship in emergency and critical care medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.

Dr. Wood has spent her career in emergency medicine and in primary care medicine. One of her greatest joys is the relationships that develop with clients and patients and helping them through difficult times. She has served as a medical director and hospital director at prior hospitals and is passionate about creating a sense of community and connection for the team members at Pinnacle, our clients/pet parents, and our partner veterinarians who entrust us with the care of their patients. She is a co-founder of Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists.

17. Rebecca Woodworth
DVM, DACVR:
Dr. Woodworth completed her undergraduate studies at the University of Rochester and obtained her veterinary degree from the Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine. After graduation, she completed a small animal rotating internship at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. She then moved to California, where she completed a four-year residency in Diagnostic Imaging and Radiology at the University of California, Davis.

Dr. Woodworth is a diplomate of the American College of Veterinary Radiology, and some of her specific interests include: hepatobiliary imaging, vascular imaging, and MRI. She lives outside of Philadelphia with her husband, their two rescue dogs—Layla, a hound mix, and JoJo, a Golden Retriever—and their cat, Piper.

18. Megan Zeigler
VMD (Emergency / Critical Care):

Dr. Zeigler grew up in Pottsgrove, PA. She received her Bachelor of Science degree in 2004, from Moravian College in Bethlehem, PA. Over the next four years, she trained at the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine. She graduated from there in 2008 and accepted a position in a private practice outside of Pottstown. She primarily focused on small companion animal medicine and surgery, but she also dabbled in caring for exotics and educating owners on proper husbandry of these animals. She remained at that hospital for ten and a half years.

After leaving this practice, Dr. Zeigler spent two and a half years doing relief work for Indevets. She provided help to multiple hospitals for shifts including medicine, surgery/dentistry, shelter medicine, and emergency medicine. In 2020, Dr. Zeigler was very honored to receive the Indevets Excellence Award, based on nominations from coworkers and partner hospitals.

Dr. Zeigler lives in Pottstown with her three rats, Maverick, Goose, and Petunia. She also can’t seem to drag herself away from old beagles with lots of health problems, though recently she has restricted herself to fostering. These ventures have reinforced her soft spot for geriatric and anxious pets. She finds it most rewarding when she can earn the trust of her patients and form a bond with them. She is now excited to join the Emergency and Critical Care team at Pinnacle, where she hopes to help her patients and their families feel more at ease.



===================== Specialist Schedule at Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists =====================


Specialist Availability
SPECIALTY SERVICE	DOCTOR	AVAILABILITY
Cardiology	Ellen Davison, VMD, DACVIM	Tuesday & Wednesday
Emergency & Critical Care		24/7
Internal Medicine	Laurie Prober, VMD, DACVIM	Monday - Thursday
Neurology	David Brewer, DVM, DACVIM	Monday - Thursday
Radiology	Becky Woodworth, DVM, DACVR	Monday - Thursday
Radiology	Visiting Radiologist	Friday
Surgery	Roger Rengert, VMD, MS, DACVS	Monday - Thursday
Surgery	Lauren May, VMD, DACVS	Tuesday - Friday




===================== Careers at Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists =====================

1. Veterinary Student Externship: Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists in Glen Mills, PA offers externship programs to 3rd and 4th year veterinary students at AVMA accredited institutions. Students may rotate through emergency and critical care, surgery, neurology, diagnostic imaging, or internal medicine services depending on their individual interests. The length of each externship can be tailored to the individual student’s needs.

Pinnacle Veterinary Specialist’s externship is meant to introduce students to a busy emergency and specialty hospital with a commitment to team based care, a high quality of medicine and patient care, and a culture of kindness. Externs will have the ability to participate and observe as they work directly with an emergency clinician or specialist in the area of their choice.  If required by the teaching institution, a formal evaluation of the extern will be completed at the end of the externship.

We also offer summer employment to first and second year veterinary students seeking to gain experience in a private practice hospital setting.  Further inquiries for either position can be emailed to info@pinnacle.vet.


2. Veterinary Technician Externship Program: Pinnacle Veterinary Specialists offers externship rotations to students in veterinary technology and veterinary nursing programs.  Students are welcomed to extern in our emergency and critical care service or any of our specialty services including surgery, internal medicine, neurology, and diagnostic imaging.  Externships may involve observation only or may incorporate hands-on experience.

The externship program is an excellent opportunity for students who wish to observe a busy emergency/specialty hospital.  The program also offers the opportunity for those interested in pursuing employment at Pinnacle to view the hospital first-hand and get to meet our team.  If you are a veterinary nursing or technology student and you would like more information about the program or would like to request an application, please contact us at info@pinnacle.vet.